this already goes morfoloogilisteks for change 
how did you do installing 
are you still working ? 
farewell , my friend 
Hi , how are you ? 
the cat wants to warm milk . 
I believe that your laevaliin allows successfully implement its previous professional experience , by providing for the possibility of personal fulfilment and development 
I have been and I am also in the future 
deep in your heart lahkumisevalu 
me translate this sentence 
but the weather &apos;s good today . 
you have the algorithm examined at the level of our ühisartikli 
European car manufacturers will not use vöötkoodis i symbol 
I will send you material 
it is too small number of that to make generalisations 
the work already go . 
who you going to drink today ? 
this will help to get rid of bias 
I am afraid tonte and nightmares 
krimbi cable ends 
the machine translation within the framework of the project is completed website which allows 
after the contract in question is granted the instrumentation päästeametile 
in the spring blossoms kullerkupp 
the apples are still green . 
tartu is the most beautiful city eestis 
but you , unfaithful , what you did to me , is so difficult to think of this and also to talk . my the shape of your heart , you pull , all my letters oven light on you threw 
how are you ! ? 
go into the forest ! 
I got a job 
tomorrow should rain 
you &apos;re risto think so beautiful boy 
beautiful city is tallinn . 
the hand goes 
according to its own settings 
it &apos;s a nice day 
he feels well 
essentially grown eestis rainbow trout . 
the cat is the striped at home . 
official communication start by welcoming the 
production will be concentrated on the saint - nazaire ' i shipyards , which are the most important site , while other less important ehituskohad will be closed . 
in this regard , it is necessary to formalise very much documents 
the man was respected at offer 
ülo went tartust viljandi 
monica &apos;s blonde . 
store &apos;s closed . please come back tomorrow . 
the best model remains , the worst is going to go 
I would like to live eestis 
Czech girls like curly beard 
the birds sing out 
three dismantled overhead l 300 pole structures and vundamendid shall be sent to the expertise ( angle - , kanderaudbetoon - and kandemetallmast ) . the procurement of the volume of the masts without damaging the dismantling ( also vundamendid ) and the transport of Estonian within the limits . 
crafts beads 
I am a little estonian 
bad veeklassi belong üldlämmastiku according to the content 
ese to : " why part of the sentence disappears ? 
if the good ow 
Czech , English , Estonian dictionary is a service on the basis of the principle " as " . this service may be used on a personal , learning - , education , and / or other non-profit-making purposes . for other purposes , please clarify the conditions for the use of the previously kontakteeruda. 
it taught me think of the 
my dearest , my erstwhile lover 
the new and better system 
a father and mother 
here we are sending you bid . 
I live NOSE 
one beer please 
voolutugevuse unit is the amp 
the difficulties are only habits of liberation 
the Commission made its decision 
tartust elvasse is 28 kilometres 
would like a kilo of sprat 
good weather , can the boat there , five hours . 
the artistic image 
I hope to be able to use this knowledge in the future 
olgerd crow by bicycle 
part of the exercise books köitemasin threw out 
Estonian , English machine translation eelversioon makes use of the statistical masinõpitud tõlkemudelit. input is limited the length of the 
it is a beautiful day 
we will see in the next series 
should be to overcome prejudices 
a small car 
loodusained form the curriculum , on its own , in the area where in pre-school belong 
I would say in such a way that the 
fly rabbits are grey 
I am not a bum or a geologist 
I got home last night , when it started to rain 
a thief received 
translation runs for it 
unfortunately , or vice versa 
welcome ! I wish to send you 3 quarterly data and arvematerjalid . please see that , on whether it is correctly ! 
my phone is quite silent 
the dog was barking 
my name is egon 
the car is goes fast 
esiraam , iluliist upper 
the Hague Convention on the law applicable to maintenance obligations have been ratified by a few countries , but the majority ( 25 i.e. 17 ) has ratified the Convention on the enforcement of decisions in the field of this 
in the middle of the street young people , old 
thank you for the 
are still works now ? 
which shows that you can &apos;t things really understand 
don &apos;t be mad at me 
whether you are reduced to an astronomer ? 
Oh , what a pleasant morning . 
the most important thing 
whether my way is warm ? 
I &apos;m going hunting 
I noticed a couple of interesting things 
this evening at the movie screen is a new film 
times of his sentence 
I came taivaanist 
I am an estonian . 
Mari left you a package 
clean up such crops , which are in direct contact with soil 
it is known that 
carbon , the characteristics of which is unknown 
go spit 
which should replace the 
I came home 
I can &apos;t mathematics 
no one was not right . 
I am stupid and looking for a woman 
I am 
um , nothing can understand . 
appear 
but one time starts time , where all piirud two headpiece even go lõkendama 
significant progress has been achieved in these areas , in particular in the ex post evaluations 
he flies 
good morning ! I am hungry and would like to eat . you have nothing to offer ? 
consequently , formulate a hypothesis that around 
geometric approach 
please do not look too much television broadcasts 
welcome capital 
in Wonderland aliis 
the service was launched again 
I am a doctor 
now is the development of local tõlkimissüsteemi reached the moment when that address http://masintolge.ut.ee is for public use set out the first eelversioon . 
well , great 
he finishes cleaning when the doorbell helisab 
is it universaale lastelauludes ? 
the dogs walked snowy street 
the cream if the social network 
today is a vessel in port 
how to draw one 
how to use this right should ? 
one fine spring day was in the woods silence . 
joosepil is a big balloon 
I ask over 
I want to eat 
I have vässu . . 
if you can do so 
soft fruits is like a little peanut pumps 
I am the person 
I have to go to the doctor &apos;s office 
ese sang : makes use of the statistical masinõpitud tõlkemudelit 
I am harri 
well , what should be here to write ? 
today , the weather &apos;s beautiful . 
how can the city 
automatic braking is dislocated 
time is much but tomorrow write on this subject 
who are you 
Hi , I &apos;m piret 
thank you very much . . . sorry I do not even know your name 
tomorrow I &apos;m going a little earlier work . 
Christmas is coming 
the frog took diligently along the way 
moving finally 
good friend 
consequently , we sketch out the hypothesis of around 
I am in the second half of December austraalias 
it was very nice Midsummer 
wide shelf 
the mouse jumped 
I spoke josega and he confirmed that I can flat exchange 
I &apos;m not stupid . 
Hi , I &apos;m person 
raising tax advantage is that , in this case , should not be billions piecemeal behind , but a significant part of the eelarveaugu täidet should be one of the decision . 
is attached 
interx 
see you all in the next series 
in the wild may cause a fire from cigarette butt , lit a fire , left behind a shard of glass or a car summutajast illuminated soil . 
please give me milk 
where is the cinema " space " ? 
a large letters from the dog 
is not available seats 
if I &apos;m putting kaabliredeli high 
in two digits room costs 400 NOK / night 
good relations is always useful 
I came here taivaanist 
what to do 
it is a good man who he will 
my life around 
these are all the recorded in the year 2003 
you are extremely active , if something to offer you start 
I love you 
I look at animet 
welcome , Mrs ene riisna 
go into the woods 
I do not see 
what can be done now 
do you cancel the field of use 
finally , I would like to say 
maria makes quite abstruse between 
good morning farmers 
I don &apos;t love you , really 
I am tinahallis and a humid viimsis 
the sparrow is cool , all he likes very 
krimbi cable ends , and turn all 4 of the cable tight . 
the rain in 
I &apos;m gonna go to the family 
möttöla is the most famous Finnish korvpallimängija 
cooperation is based on trust 
sometimes he repeats itself word for word - 
how much does it cost ? 
several times a week you go to the theater ? 
to ask 
let &apos;s go shopping according to beer 
testing translators 
Forest is behind the house . 
tell whether this is good website ? 
please give me an apple 
whether it is raining tomorrow ? 
tomorrow is a sunny . 
good brother 
how and when can be automatic translation kasutamiskõlbulikuks tool ? 
today was beautiful , sunshiny day 
martu said : " now should it jutumärkide translation also to work again " 
the computer does not know what it translates . 
the man was respected with honey 
I translate sentences 
masintõlkejaam is awesome 
should be overcome prejudices 
fuck off 
trackside house shakes much 
the apple doesn &apos;t fall far from the tree . 
a great week 
if the arno came to the school classes , were already begun . 
is it so that , as a first step , the checks whether sõnavorm itself is available in the thesaurus ; if not , the only way for morfi and looking for algvormi 
the cat was lying tree 
Estonian , English machine translation eelversioon makes use of the statistical masinõpitud tõlkemudelit 
outside is very sunny weather 
martin is one of the sickest and lollemaid people in the world 
the stars were seen in the sky often 
you did not comply with the 
is not the wrong questions 
the instrumentation shall be granted after the procurement päästeametile 
welcome , my name is taavi and I teach in college computers to use . 
yesterday I went with grandma , she has a cat named vaska 
what is the vessel draught 
newspapers is Belcher from the news 
( register here if your place of residence , it remains an American your unaltered habitation ) . 
twenty two monkeys driving wheels veneetsias 
ethical standards are universal 
love lurk 
your elukohateatest 
be on an equal footing 
I hereby tõendame that 
they are not easy to entrust other people 
ncis is good series 
the evening news 
shortcomings elukohateates : 
Europeans know too little Japanese and a savings and 
there was a real price 
what do you think what language is this 
what can cinamonis watch tonight ? 
satoshi con died . 
if the dekanaadist told that cannot , then it is not as great idea of , or yes 
I am sorry that so late against write 
welcome ! how are you ? 
the real life can reach us 
the tree shed 
a large , the greater the biggest and perhaps most 
this Regulation shall enter into force on the day following its publication in the Official Journal of the European Communities . 
by means of which can be 
if there are many problems ? 
what were you born six 
tomorrow I write more specifically 
3 . to make a series of experiments machine translation of both the existing vabavaraliste if tüs developed software packages , using the korpusi there at the moment . of experiments results must be here are comparable This kasutades. methodology . 
right side 
crazy person 
if I want , what I need to do 
are you working now ? 
I want to learn arvutilingvistikat 
so the red and white 
common values are important 
I like to put the beer and vodka 
no precise 
I &apos;m late 
the nature of science is a fine thing 
if I want , what I have to do so 
please good rabarberi cake recipe . 
the planet pluuto 
the Commission took a decision . 
translate it a longer sentence right away 
you &apos;re welcome 
my goodness 
please times of his sentence 
stove laying museum bones leso cushion 
one part of this is my carried out by the täiendkoolitused teachers 
flax liina received for a bottle of vodka . 
however , I do not have them 
don &apos;t mess 
if the object is not the status of approved and user is not logged in , then it has no watching privileges and shows that mistake . 
how this has been 
your name 
uncle hi 
peel the apples 
please send a taxi address here 2 
martti licks ice cream . 
Czech hello ! 
the last mohhikaanlane 
the average person &apos;s feelings 
a beehive broke the Russian bear 
today is a nice warm day 
in accordance with the detailed instructions provided for by the competent authority 
how is your name 
what you translate into the language of my sentence ? 
having grown occupied eestis and worked for 18 years of independent Estonian pupils in general , I find myself occasionally ketserlikult mõttelt . 
what you are doing this evening ? 
sunsets are wonderful 
good luck 
the Agency &apos;s task remains the safety of the European aviation system 
I hereby request currently teacher - metoodiku ametijärku 
how did it go ? how went 
puulõhkuja is tired 
who suffers from this long lives 
the last place of residence ( to be completed on arrival from abroad ) : 
Hi , how are you 
eestis is excellent beaches and nice forests 
okasroosike ukerdab bush 
tomorrow morning , it rains probably the rain 
I hope that this is a good . 
from that account is part of the money missing . 
should choose 
dreaming is unelemine 
orbit , kanderaketi kosmosesadama choice , 
free education 
on the table is viinapudel 
only zealots 
use of statistical masinõpitud tõlkemudelit . input length is limited . 
the life you what is going on in there 
roses are red 
there was a mistake during sorting 
the task of exercising the ability to express as follows . 
the wolf came along the way 
it is 
the Commission took a decision on Wednesday , 5 February against . 
all your base belongs to us 
in the meantime , a lot &apos;s happened to 
why are you crying ? 
the Mary left you a package 
I wish to apply to your company 
you are stupid 
Beggars can &apos;t be choosers 
it is the Estonian , English machine translation eelversioon . 
turn off the light , please 
went to bed early 
they do not use tervitamist 
Estonians are full of the whole the weather 
so as 
no distinction is not , in any event , he goes siksak half days kindergarten galloping and cries " ihhaa " between 
put a pipe burn 
möttöla is the most famous basketball player Finnish 
my name is siim . I live valgas . I have a cat and dog . 
how can I then 
number 3 have the number of 6 
do you feel that the boy who said hello to us ? 
narrow shelf 
I live well " " 
the rabbit runs 
it seems that the more subtle model , the worse translation . 
I have long been abroad 
I am a student 
on Wednesday , 17 . June at 15 . 30 rakvere rägavere road traffic accident took place in the city and the herd at the intersection of where the van toyota hiace , led by 40 years old aleksandr , drove kõrvalteelt in advance on the main road moved sõiduautole lada samara 21083 , led by 33-year-old Maret. 
whether you were already made my decision ? 
I want to learn lingvistikat 
marjul are large eyes as watermelons 
the statutory pension insurance is plagued by every year because of the lack of money on social contributions collected is not enough of all the payment of pensions 
a bus ticket costs 150 of the Czech koruna . 
there is the sun 
look at where you take them you greasy seals 
do the translation work ? 
if you follow the ethical standards , we are happy 
do you last saw the game of football ? 
welcome jaanus ! 
first of all , I would like to start with the 
the unknown soldier writes : " haaretz states that the Israeli kaitsejõududesse set up Internet Task Force , which will deal with the role on the Internet and social networks . for example , in the portals as on YouTube , Facebook and twitter ." 
I went to work 
do you want chocolate ? 
happy New Year 
I come home 
every person who is in peace , feels well 
I like very swim . 
whether vektorkorrutamine is interesting ? 
I must disappoint you 
I live eestis 
what the hell 
the machine translation within the framework of the project is completed website . 
kakskeele nation 
welcome , will inform you that this agreement is acceptable to us 
why are you doing this 
how are you 
it is vital to the service provider of the Cabinet Office 
rando is a chemist 
one of the chicken went to sleep 
I come by car . 
invited to visit a friend 
people are eelarvamuslikud 
pupils are kevadvaheag . 
six times six 
we are now only the tragic events 
health , Mr beard 
I did so 
we get older and wiser 
tartu is more beautiful city eestis 
the introduction of introducing 
the number is the same detail in the Guide and spetsis . so you can get to know what it is . 
whether the problem may also , on the other hand , to look at ? 
Hi , how you doing 
the honourable colleague 
student arc gravel closed the task . 
berries have peanut as a little kiss 
fox jumped 
I have a request for you 
we must remain calm 
in the past behind the spooks lived on grounds of sex 
the floor is black 
I stand here and I think of the 
I buy in the store tomorrow bread 
so cannot 
Hi , how are you ! 
the kid got the strap 
vanemuine is the bearded bard 
it is one of the many Estonian tekstiilikunstnikest 
are needed for the further development of the users of feedback and corrections been translated wrongly phrases osas. 
the cap esiraam , 
does not the wind and the storm is not afraid of Estonian chest 
they usually do not welcome 
ten interesting talk of the month . 
the West - eestis rain showers at times . 
over the mountains to heaven will echo voice 
out of sight , out of mind 
creation is the process of human activities 
at the end of each year shall be held between the supporters of a draw , which is the grand prize kalepurjeka trip around võrtsjärve . loosimises please fill in the transfer of the support for the participation of the following data : 
does not become boring 
eestis is excellent beaches and nice forests 
gas leak rejected the space shuttle launch on . 
nonsense leave 
Estonian society is the teacher kahepalgeliselt . 
my name is make 
what is it about ? 
wide horizons 
is your name for ? 
I am interested 
if the arno father came to the school classes , were already begun . 
I have worked as a waitress at the restaurant küprosel 
my sipsu went today siblimas 
I don &apos;t know what you &apos;re talking about , because you &apos;re stupid 
rolling stone sammaldu not 
good dog 
support rakisele 
I mean as a computer 
the prevention of serious incidents 
the old lead-acid batteries , töötlemistehase sillamäel opened a new phase . 
extraction is used unix scripts 
what help 
here the train leaves at 18 00 . 
a number of men 
welcome , my name is taavi and I teach in college students to use computers . 
welcome , what is your name ? 
the best of times is now 
how the economy is developing for nearly - in the east ? 
I agree with the 
did you ever met me ? 
I want to find a good hotel tartus 
we have to be prepared in order to stand up for the truth of their 
test - and mõõtetööd elektripaigaldises 
white people are stealing cars 
extraction is used unixi scripts 
who is the Czech President ? 
do you have candy 
it is quite interesting 
I come from school 
I do not have any preference 
be freely suspended 
the dog boy did bear pieces 
having delusions of grandeur is outdated 
happy birthday ! 
Annex three kaablile also to the black wire cable krimbi ends , 
important the Commission adopted the right decision 
while they are medical certificate 
I would like to meet with you home 
the first model has earned a cookie 
this is just an example of arvutimorfoloogiast 
no one asked from at any aid 
starts and some time after the closing 
welcome , how is my name ? insofar as it has extended this text then , or what is the problem , which will take place , perhaps will not happen something . 
pay is the same boat 
you have the algorithm looked at from the perspective of our Article 
let &apos;s go to town shop 
I jump off the balcony anyway , you will fail to convince me 
reducing first 
so I just lied about themselves that I &apos;m pissed official 
as said adolf hitler - conscience is made up of Jews 
in the woods can see bears hangudel basking 
in this case , we can that 
what is going on in here 
the train bumpers 
the bus will tartust tallinnasse two and a half hours . 
cars are ugly . 
a shovel stem 
outside the rain in 
in my account avalehel you have the opportunity to get a brief overview of my last activities and to update the information . 
I had expected , so that &apos;ll get home when the sun is still 
caught helsingis tens of drunk bikers . 
how to do it 
I think I need to go home 
the chicken burned away 
do you think that , at the last minute have better things to do ? 
now be shown on TV basketball . 
I have been betrayed 
the mouse is madis 
interx 
welcome mutionu 
all prices on top of the law provided for in the VAT 
one man kills ten men and killed should be thrilled about it 
tomorrow is nice weather 
what was that bang 
the law regulates the European Union citizen and his family eestis stay bases . 
I wish you kordaminemisi starting the early years of life 
bring these module down , through 
the cat &apos;s in bed asleep 
sorry , I don &apos;t speak English 
we wish you good night 
the love between may hurt , important is always to be myself 
the machine translation station now works 
Estonian is a small country 
Estonian keskerakonna authorised representative priit toobal lodged a complaint Election Commission of the Republic . 
what time is it ? 
my knowledge of English is not good that here to debate 
I wish to stand as a candidate for the post of murder of Mr 
there are big changes on the way . 
kitty is pink . 
in the meantime , has happened 
the father gave me a whipping 
Estonian , English machine translation eelversioon 
what would be the best sentence structure 
brandy or 
the pressure on land 
women in the sauna spoke 
welcome the world , how goes well lately . 
can be to look at the detail the number tükitabelist and Guide and then can understand what it is 
you suck 
use of statistical tõlkemudelit 
if the sea would be beer 
the decision was adopted . 
the large discounts are not always so large . 
I am josega talked to change apartments 
the only special uniquely 
maril had a little lamb 
look here 
the fear of peace and mutually exclusive 
tear off my wings and monteerige on 
almost out of 
the force needed , said peeter . 
whose children are the most beautiful ? 
where is the airport ? 
põhivili and the basic cereal 
if you go to lunch then do it without the car and walk . 
Mexican resorts holidaymakers threatens andre . 
I did not know anything 
what now 
the Agreement will enter into force with effect from the moment of the conclusion of the Agreement 
my name is taavi 
good . I am sirli . I am 15 years old 
the file is changed 
I have funny tail and two major in the eye 
the wind speed is marked by black line , tuulesuund is English in the surrounding area esitähega 
a little kitty are not afraid of people . 
not confident 
the rabbit ate cabbage 
welcome , my name is tarmo ! 
crafts jewellery 
I will come to you tomorrow 
looking for a normal infokataloogi online where to find me needed company , but no , you can see , our infoportaalid is in decline in both that do not find 
amendment kasutajaliideses sheets 
an error in the light of the ancient 
peel the apples 
a little cat wants to warm milk . 
I am the last 
welcome the world , how are you ? 
don &apos;t start to improve things , which is not broken 
the greater the orbits the lower the volume of information 
the application shall be examined by the applicant Member State proposed by the 
bear in his stomach , 
men don &apos;t cry 
beta firefox 
riigikogulaste , who have decided to run again , the answers will appear on respondents in alphabetical order . 
alamlehti must also update 
the date of the change 
pretty funny thing that translation . 
I wish to apply for this institution 
there is no wrong questions 
it is a personal style 
tomorrow it &apos;s sunny . 
normally , they do not use tervitamist 
it had to flocks of the animals know very well 
motorcycle with side-car 
communicating with the people we are more decent 
my Estonian 
this is the company 
here comes Ahab the Arab , in the middle of the street young people - old , kadakpõõsa root , under the dwelling he deep . 
it is wrong to believe that only we are difficult 
the phone rings 
good day 
it is not possible models ranked , all translations is completely overlooks 
this is nice . thank you . 
this is not fish 
I would like to know how to sing . 
awe consciousness and in front of science 
why is your eyes , sumedad sompus if the weather . answered the Tsar then sad fashion : concern is plagued by mehepoega 
three times six 
vanemuine is the bearded laulutaat 
I have v 
väikeehitise erecting detailplaneeringust depends on chance . 
I wish to find the airport 
nothing 
die ! die dog , cat ! 
why are you here ? 
a particularly unique 
who was calling me ? 
confirm neetidega 
candy &apos;s sweet 
finally , we are trying to submit its vision of the two professional 
look at the file 
I think that this model the backdrop 
he &apos;s getting married tomorrow 
I am a student 
the old lady &apos;s uncle lived in the woods 
there are such people who don &apos;t know anything about it . 
where can buy food from here ? 
welcome , the world 
the first of September , must go to school 
shelf narrow 
high selgimistega weather . intermittent for the rain , it is the thunder . 
whose children are the most beautiful ? 
the Fund under the Charter scholarships to 2009 . a . out not granted . 
I want to see how the system works 
you asked 
user rounds of the length was 2 to 10 the floor 
gives to the rights of electricity and related to the purchase of the network service liitumispunktiga siseelektripaigaldisega connected to the electricity consumption site and the network service - the purchase of sales contracts to the contracting authorities which are the subject of the contract in accordance with points 3 . 2 and 3 . 3 . 
you did not use the shortcut 
I &apos;ll send 
freelance helen was for a long time , 
I hereby conclude this subject . 
the cat wants to drink of milk 
active activities to raise awareness of the objectives of the Fund 2009 . a . not made . 
Hi , I &apos;m max 
where am I ? 
posture factors affecting pre-primary age 
normal beat 
the gap between the normal presentations were different to those for fresh salmon 
portfolio managed to continue seb Estonian ühispanga privaatpanganduse department . 
the mother is at home 
black cow &apos;s tail behind the cow white , white leather , yellow leather 
this is one of the great a burst of song . &quot; 
how do you live ? 
list . lp readers , the machine translation within the framework of the project is completed website which allows for the use of our Estonian , English machine translation models : http://masintolge.ut.ee . output is sometimes funny , but the system needs feedback ( the resources to do so is available on the website ) 
a couple of months ago in Annex software company with Google your machine translation website at the Google translate the Czech language support [ 1 ] . 
I come from the sky 
more expensive , our erstwhile lover 
where is located tartu ? 
do you go on a regular training ? 
the Commission took a decision after long discussion finally adopted . 
come tomorrow to us 
what happens now ? 
the Estonians are laulurahvas 
the Social Democrats can see the danger today . he confirmed by the Act , which criminalises activities , which nobody can read out the call for mass korratustele . 
in the other room is the bookshelves . 
what thing 
i am estonian . 
strange , in any case , 
the father &apos;s reading the paper 
yesterday I saw my dear old friend 
whose children are the most beautiful ? 
the best model remains , the worst discarded 
our system is much better than googli its 
expresses on our 
I would like to buy a small cat 
it is or or what else could it be 
Bye , which way ? I do not do much of anything ! 
good away from the bus goes there in three hours . 
I have a very large cold 
the chicken laid an egg , which was higher than the chicken itself 
the big cats 
kristo puked bucket 
the mother and father 
how old are you 
- ridi rads - ralla , frost is the municipality 
the Conference of the Article has been sent to the 
I will be fine 
still working ? 
I do not know what it looks like the model 
the weather is cold and windy . 
why do I have to do it 
and tried to open 
why mobile internet is so slow ? 
then don &apos;t work anymore 
if the luminaire high I &apos;m putting 
do not know about the volume of the work to understand 
do not know 
me interesting coherently 
possible candidate 
pull down 
ringo tihemetsa is the best football player 
good evening 
I &apos;m going into the woods 
single DOCUMENT rasedakaart is a virtual patient of a normal pregnancy on the monitoring of 
you are a fool . 
big vihmatilgad fall on the lawn . 
signals 
fuck you 
this Agreement shall be settled disputes , with the agreement of the parties . agreement shall be settled a dispute tallinna before the Court . 
German intelligence paidesse drove a vehicle 
the time for lunch . 
do not feel the file away 
the money from that account is missing . 
beautiful fish swims in the water 
this idea , which he = , was tõlkimatu 
I like to dance 
electronic banking 
he do not welcome 
the frog jumped out 
talk to me 
I am stupid ? 
I have already been at work today 
I cannot learn 
where is the best anime store ? 
" blood ! no doubt . " their words starts in childhood familiar with " Master Detective blomkvist " . siiri pärkson chair its first proosateose lihaselistest hands , which in the description of the small print of the neck pinch . 
from this text which help the reader to better understand the 
rushed 
hispaanias are terrible rainfall 
Treaty . the seller is selling and the purchaser buys a car 
my name is 
the girls like a beard 
I do not know anything 
today is a very bad weather . 
today is Wednesday . 
do you work for ? 
it would be better if this last occasion would not have been 
three cases I was sure . 
the audit highlighted the following main shortcomings 
alkoholijoobeseisundis Estonians climbed riias vabadussambale 
by our calculations 
the man who felt can talk to snakes 
hot and cold suffered the most of it . 
an innovative emakeeleõpetus , or how to use the emakeeleõpetuses puutetahvlit and internetti. print print artikkel. artikkel. why is the mother tongue at school continues to be one of the ebapopulaarsemaid MAJOR , why is the mother tongue teacher to learn entries less than some very different substance student õppijaid. 
the ice cream is cold 
a crow by bicycle 
an understanding of the nature of the science is very important 
the mall is open 
through the crossing 
don &apos;t know what to do in the future I would like 
the woman leather jacket was lying on the bed 
it was decided to put an end to the payment of agricultural subsidies 
give me my money 
7620 is on our side in one package . in the package No 1 . in the second package should be a sink . 
the expected all the level of the annual fee paid ühinguliikmed 
if the government and the unions are unable on Monday during the course of the contract law as regards the implementation of compromise to find , will take place on Tuesday strike . 
my knowledge of English is not good 
a hundred years is moving in the land of the month four centimetres further . 
looking for a job 
I would like that 
fascinating 
this is different tavasuhtlusest 
mtü loodusajakiri gave its contribution to 28 of the old days . tallinna within 30 . and 31 . May held the conduct of the Green market - we sent to the charity of our magazines horizon , Estonian nature and eco-friendly numbers and nature and science yearbook 
they are not easy to entrust the future 
more specifically , 
it was ready to cooperate French forces , 
I live here 
it didn &apos;t work out too well 
I live in a big yellow palkmajas 
things are a mess 
cyclist eritreening mäkketõusuks 
php progress is in progress 
come home 
a beard 
nice person 
examples of this are the tekstiväljas 3 . 
I &apos;m a big boy . 
I have to be a bad thing 
erase me 
hort is old pervert töllam 
welcome mutionu , how you doing ? 
I live in the countryside , and you live in the woods 
soft fruits is like a little peanut krääpsu 
good old bodywork ! 
it is necessary to use only one indication . 
over a wide lume, land 
I have a sore throat . 
a big ball of light 
I live tartus 
it is based on the 
tables cleaning . drink and meal service . 
it must be to organise meetings 
in the garden in the rain in 
get out 
I kinda all is the hardest which can buy 
there is no information about her 
no talking , which concern is 
I am sorry typo after 
Hi , Mom 
I thought your hair blonde paint and cut 
möttöla is the most famous Finnish korvpallimängija 
what will be translated into the language of the sentence ? 
welcome , my name is mark 
a good haircut 
Europeans know little Japanese 
automatic translation is today a thriving line of research , which is trying to establish , by õppivaid tõlkeprogramme . 
happy birthday 
for the submission of algarvude 
welcome , my name is marko . 
let &apos;s go for a walk ? 
are you my sent to secure the package ? 
two bodies were on the way . 
tartu is Czech city 
in the spring blossoms sinilill 
once upon a time põhjapõdrapoiss , whose its antlers was always to see , to which he made 
welcome , please turn off the TV , I would like to go to bed 
the long-term loan and lease 
töövahendajad ignore the law 
please inform me tarneajast goods . 
cabbage grew hard . 
tuisku nor the storm is not afraid of Estonian chest 
please go in the woods 
early childhood centre is located in the corner 
we have made a strong eelarvekärbe 
2009 . a . continued to you bengt björksten fund invest their assets in financial yield profit . 
it &apos;s nice weather 
the new Chairman of the Board of young people rahvaliidu was elected Estonian youth associations of the Union &apos;s Executive Board member and Vice-Chairman of the party &apos;s tartu region instruments - riin raudsepp . 
I &apos;ll buy bread shop tomorrow 
welcome to eestisse 
this is a good thing 
ugly ogre 
I looked at in the wrong file 
hurry up , we need to get there faster 
the chicken in the desert 
ese ' la la ' to : 
I like you . 
I am a robot 
feedback received no 
how such as this , for the past has not come ? 
what is the weather ? 
how to achieve mutual trust 
let &apos;s go to listen to music 
the whole country was distributed ahead ! 
karel is stupid sheep , who do not know anything 
as soon as possible 
what was that bang ? 
the laptop is cool thing 
where , by looking at it , you see . with respect . 
anyone who can sing 
a complete sentence may give a better translation and short phrase or üksiksõna . 
what time is 
Ireland trip 
professors bullies disgustingly and outside is weather ugly again . I want to go home , I would like to rest and play , which as a slave labor 12 . century . 
welcome ! how are you ? 
apple is red 
good children 
this is a relative structure 
on which you stand 
for starters translate for one sentence 
jüri &apos;s asleep right now . 
this is a legible 
my name is Thomas . 
the son of a monkey 
could not a child is asleep . 
to add programmes 
a girl like a beard 
a cell tower break vandaalide reward for 20 000 NOK ! 
how to seize haaramatuid 
the child started to Grandma the babe-in-the-woods routine 
the Commission took a decision adopted unanimously . 
I drank morning sweet things , but strong coffee 
have you already eaten today 
interx 
I am a good person 
and provides a comprehensive overview of the 
a dark night 
right this way forward can &apos;t 
märtini is , according to the path from a technical point of view , a very good and spiced mõnusate by leaps and bounds . 
today it rained . 
currently , cooperation is very important 
Merry Christmas 
my name is kethmar . 
at the beginning of the most bring in some arvuteooria results 
palivere age was thought to be 11 600 years 
what you want 
whether the input must also be a leaf ? 
you have not used 
mathematics is difficult 
translate me that thing 
should learn more 
the fish is not 
the machine translation demoleht 
päästeametki do not see here sädemepüüduriga grillkodade part of the problem . 
August said on the other August come out of the hole is in the hands of August 
the German luuremasin drove paidesse 
today , must be nice weather 
why is the black today so white 
now goes to the system for the conduct of 
how do you work ? 
Saturday is accompanied by the rain and lightning , because by Russia lääneserva is likely to the lake coming from the south peipsi 
the dog boy was carrying grandfather circumvent 
why so much impact craters ? 
sheep eat grass on the farm 
girls like a mess beards . 
the release for free circulation channelling applicable guarantee 
I &apos;m testing firefox browser beta version . 
some of the results on the interpolation is just around written streltsovi Article . 
what do you want 
continue to be problematic is üldlämmastiku high content peipsi in the south of the lake 
the engine of the Community 
cat jumped and vanakaru created the drum 
lessons were begun . 
the cop or 
the bearded man killed two women . 
welcome winter ! 
crazy person 
then when I still lived here , you were my greatest against 
tomorrow I &apos;ll show you 
I need help but it tomorrow 
if the arno father came to the high school classes , were already begun . 
yellow mice 
historically was much attention to become a problem that , how to submit the figures as the sum of the squares 
approves the work of workers 
he drove the same times 
the train driving tsuh - tsuh - tsuh 
lemmas must be b ) instead of a 
experienced men , good instruments . 
under the sheep right corner 
there is no point in the system to kid 
good school 
cat went belly open 
afganistani assistance is considered to be in the same way as other international organisations Estonian foreign policy priority , which is the result of the security interests of the Czech . the emphasis is set here , in particular , with the aim of reducing the international terrorism , organised kuritegu. 
to improve the existing English , Estonian corps paralleelistamise quality , to increase its capacity and diversify the range of the texts 
the Finnish möttöla is best known basketball player . 
Tart-choppin &apos; , body-poppin &apos; , old bear created the drum 
to give up 
a large , greater , the largest maybe most 
it all started by the mining 
welcome , or you behind it ? 
how the pig plays ? 
it is true 
come home 
all must come 
I am responsible and experience in their profession 
the bear running uphill 
in time for the chest 
what should be here to write ? 
what is today ? 
what are you doing , honey ? 
on the news last night reflected the disaster iraanis shows that the world is spreading hirm. 
who lives in the woods 
I am good translator ! 
Hi , I &apos;m kairi 
what kind of movies cinamonis can watch tonight ? 
if we are in contact with a person , then we are more decent 
there was a mistake during sorting vihikute 
Czech girls like the beard 
this must be again ask 
I am sick person . . . I &apos;m a mean person . unpleasant person I am . 
life is beautiful , can only be seen . 
we can this last point omitted 
so , what can you do ? 
where is the nearest place ? 
arministreerimisliides was operational 
what would you like to do ? 
for the weekend is expected to cool without . 
lissaboni the entry into force of the Treaty must be ratified by the 27 Member States of it . 
fair name is more than money 
what &apos;s wrong ? 
I am very proud of the garden . 
which shows that you cannot understand the content of the thing 
finding tõrketõenäosuse 
good morning abc. 
I do not like this gunge 
administreerimisliides was operational 
it is necessary to create new laws to limit the consumption of alcohol 
one of the sick and stupid 
how did you do it 
where , by looking at , so you see . 
they could be the keys to today &apos;s 
this is caused by a boy 
haridustehnoloogia course 
the pleasure is here to add that , although the authors have his book right for the transmission of information on the way in which the classic pursued , they are today opened the book itself 
happy New Year ! 
father school 
it is better to do it himself if to allow it to make someone 
drive up for over the bridge 
the computer won &apos;t start 
I went to the company mob interview . 
who you fool you need ? 
I want to learn keeleteadust 
I am 
where , by looking at 
European Union is creating a new legislation 
common values are important support 
several of the conditions of the 
angry a gooseberry tinises tõrres 
where is my bag ? 
Hey , what is your name ? 
astronomy is very interesting science . 
I hope that my doctorate going to succeed in later 
good afternoon 
I got good marks 
it &apos;s cool " " 
I am 12 and which it is 
it is difficult for the translation of books 
I am here and I wonder what it is 
please tell me where is our hacksaw missing ? 
how to do so 
you got any apples ? 
and permanently residing in eestisse address vabaõhumuuseumi road 20 
the yard should be by hand over to go 
do you know where kids come from ? 
nine times measure , once a cut . 
I could not go there 
you are the great work accomplished 
why is a raven like a writing desk ? 
she will make it for the second guarantee . 
bring me a lot of things . 
how to increase the sense of security 
good morning 
a large reheahi 
Estonian , English 
Hey , what is your name ? how you doing today ? do anything exciting ? 
an hour over 
half of the people were not native speakers 
very tired 
vanemuine is the bearded &apos;re a singer 
the train went by rail 
where &apos;s he going ? 
questions comments 
congratulations 
these are major apples 
how much of this bag weighs 
as far as is possible , then use your contact e - e-mail address their school or employment addresses and check that your mailbox would be enough space . as far as possible , avoid @mail.ee ending e - e-mail addresses 
I work at the university tartu 
where were you where you went , sokukene 
the car is carried by road . 
in the woods evil hunter 
the man is good 
I hope that Google translator is also working well , also in this direction : just in case writing comments in English . 
pay is low down 
today the rain . 
we need the following labels . 
five ducks floated yet on a more 
what is that thing 
I am here 
stay free . 
I &apos;ll come to you paidest . 
we can waive this 
vanemuine is the bearded man who plays kannelt 
come on a date 
Estonian takes next year , the introduction of the euro . 
the boat sails in good weather in five hours . 
the child went home 
the car went country 
what is your mother &apos;s name ? 
I &apos;m going to eat soup 
the Russian roads 
I am a man more subtle kind of 
I found your job offer argo.ee website 
all pirrud two headpiece even kick lõkendama 
the aim of this sentence is tested machine translation programme , and to control the quality of output . 
would you like a sandwich ? 
today on the news . . . 
the Municipality tartu invited to date a total of kriisikomisjoni meeting to discuss emajõe further rise in the water level and the consequences of an action plan for possible uputuseks . 
Tart-choppin &apos; , body-poppin &apos; and the old bear created the drum 
this is a test 
there can go at the same time as the boat when the bus in five minutes good weather 
what boy He is not learn , this juhan do not know . 
be prepared on every new-born sünniepikriis 
look at the picture 
where the cat is 
certainly dare recommend him 
which at the tractor lights on ? 
who lives in the woods ? 
Estonian Health Fund 
Monday is nice day 
in this case , 
today is a great day . 
the day after tomorrow täna, home, 
use of statistical masinõpitud tõlkemudeli 
is there cannot be used nimemuutust 
and how are you doing ? 
in my current freelance status 
but initially cannot speak ethics . ethics far even have the idea that would give the Interior Minister place some rahvaliitlasele - although to at least 90 per cent of the party &apos;s members are very good at people . 
like to see 
news stories precedes the collection of information 
interx 
information may be incomplete 
more expensive was only approved its erstwhile lover 
he is an athlete 
fucking dumbasses 
yesterday when we come home , had already begun in the programme . 
I &apos;m going to work tomorrow 
I &apos;m not who you think I am . 
it is a small attempt 
look into the wind 
we do not know what they actually think 
where it is 
how much it costs 
I am nice man 
glass were fingerprints 
identification of fraudsters 
for disposal of the 2010 / 2011 . in the academic year is 875 koruna ( 55 , 92 euros ) per month . 
I will not hurt themselves 
I apologise for this clerical error following 
welcome , how are you ? 
because there is to see how to control the conditions . 
Regulation establishes the Nature Conservation Act " " paragraph 55 pursuant to paragraph 3 . 
my name is siim 
Windershins 
after the dinner we went right to sleep 
if the arno was reached , the father of her to the high school classes were already begun . 
interx 
columbus expects feedback 
the sun shines 
I want to go to the land 
major changes in technology . 
I am and remain eestlaseks estonian 
which shows that you cannot be the gist 
Estonian takes next year , the introduction of the euro . 
I want to eat . 
I have preferred to travel 
what are you doing 
the Ministry of the Interior gives the following the call for tenders for us , pästeametile instruments 
no does not fit 
when I got home , was out of food 
how is the weather outside ? 
use of statistical masinõpitud tõlkemudelit. input is limited the length of the 
it is worth drawing attention to the fact 
welcome , it &apos;s capital 
in the meantime , things have happened 
please look at the tablet after 
negotiate a loading of the Treaty , and the future of speaking time you get speaking time much easier to load . it is enough to have reached a number 
welcome , my name is Robert 
we have never produced 
please translate this sentence into English 
re : television is necessary 
the image of the reputation 
Estonian , English masinatõlke eelversioon 
sheep eat grass Department 
for some reason it never did not want to play with me 
tallinna downtown wake and river street intersection corresponds to a middle-aged man in the RV phone : " hello ... Yeah , hey , we just turn the aft " here . 
what are you doing tomorrow ? 
strawberry , blueberry , raspberry , lingonberry , lingonberry and cranberry is metsmarjad . 
the prejudices of interfering 
thank you very much for feedback 
if I can &apos;t help there , where else can I 
you are extremely active , if you will itself offer something 
what is your name ? 
I would like to see a clear night sky 
let &apos;s go to the store to buy beer 
ethical standards are very much in the universal 
welcome to my home 
last day tihendasid rescuers and kaitseliitlased supilinna rear also on the other side of the ditch , since the last weekend liivakottide placed between the water was started to run over to . 
how to make the red to black spot on it täpile white dot 
the continuation of the debates is very important 
Google chrome is good web browser 
the case law of learning 
I know that it is working properly 
interx 
more accurate information system 
why are you not working ? 
rando is a chemist like the little cake 
good time 
I do not want this 
the old grey cat caught in a small white mouse 
part of the money from that account is missing . 
satoshi con died yesterday . 
welcome ! I am harri . 
opinion of the author of his sentences are relatively unique , if they are to be seen in the context of the Internet . 
the next Thursday makes the mayor of the city council tallinna edgar savisaar proposal dismiss the deputy mayor kaia jäppinen of its own accord . 
let look 
the results must be visible 
my question is assistance 
I am a little tipa kill 
I would like to send 
the strength to work 
the first model can be a cookie 
a social democrat juske jaak according to talk the talk about reformierakonnast that party shall be serious criticisms keit pentusele who themselves too early tallinna linnapeakandidaadiks subdued . 
fuck you ! 
I use an android emulaatorit telephone . 
I wish you good luck starting new year of life 
the system works again ! 
are you still working ? 
some of the results of the arvuteooria 
cat jumped and the frog jumped vanakaru created the drum 
I think that this Article is not appropriate for the following reasons . 
as I understand 
maigi is stupid 
bread costs in the shop 5 crowns 32 cents 
the beginning of the school itself is hardly the reason is , why an apple tree at the beginning of September flowers in shows . maaülikooli polling aiandusuuringute Centre President ave rooster pointed out that it is the tree in the standard deviation in physiology õitsvast õunapuust Mari. sent a picture . 
here comes Ahab the Arab 
knowledge of other people to help them understand 
welcome to my website . here , the grass is greener on as before ! 
tomorrow night allows the thunder . 
brother Paper 
dog barking loudly . 
the terms of the contract are tough 
old time &apos;s detectives main concern was always data acquisition . 
tomorrow , must be nice weather . 
I am the man 
today is Tuesday 
don &apos;t be stupid 
the ruler värvikoosluste 
do you know my name ? 
what is going on ? 
account is part of the money missing . 
why I love my homeland 
vytas is now freelance 
the wall thickness is 60 cm 
don &apos;t drink tea 
as the sum of the squares täisarvude 
I should go to the store to buy cream 
give assistance 
maril was a small muri 
hello , I would like to ask you a few questions regarding your translation requirement , do you , for example , the sentence can do it 
the difficulties are only habits to get rid of 
the weather &apos;s nice today . 
what is it now ? 
eestis appeared adolf hitleri childhood with a picture of a stamp . this is the first time after the Second World War , when the Führer postmargile escaped . 
I went to the forest yesterday 
hello , I was stolen wallet off . where &apos;s nearest miilitsajaoskond ? 
these standards are of confidence 
the Finnish möttöla is the most famous basketball player 
we hear only the tragic events 
good away from taking the boat there in three hours . 
I want to add programmes 
welcome 
explain to me , why ? 
that was my first experience in this area 
information is not impartial 
way to go one way 
the most important risks : 
I am not interested in this story not one bit 
Estonian rahvastikuregistris is your residence at the American States of , 
quite difficult this sentence here 
life is beautiful 
after the death of kairi 
it could be random coincidence 
the man was respected 
there is a project for the development of better models 
squirrel song slapping , itself nuts praksutas 
did you find something interesting 
a beehive recognises that it sometimes quite kihvatab , if someone must be about a story that I left laptop pargipingile 
the bridge therabithiasse 
replacement cost - the goods or service the observed price , which will be replaced by directly sihtvalimis contained in the price of the goods or service 
welcome the world ! 
welcome ! how you doing ? 
love is a beautiful thing , but it hurts 
we were there 
published articles 
in the trees is frost . 
the upper band esiraam , 
put back 
every man has his own luck 
to whom the bone bones 
please let me know that letter came to you by 
I am stupid 
I &apos;m a big boy . 
to develop a sustainable and a high level of kõrgkoolipedagoogika field of competence . 
rats were kapsaraua taken 
microsofti a marketing job with an has always been a good level . 
I want to marry you . 
and will again 
our calculations 
the machine translation within the framework of the project is completed website which allows for the use of our Estonian , English machine translation models 
this is nonsense " " 
the results must be visible , and not only after the boxes 
the use of the club 
you are my friend 
people will be able to offer support each other 
welcome , how the world economy is developing ? 
how are you a warm 
these are similar in all countries 
the bonfire started a journey towards tartust tallinna 
to verify the absence of quantifiable elements of tension 
the new column of Table 
of 2 galaxies models must be taken into account in the drawing up of the various details . 
do not push forward 
it is necessary to create new laws to limit alcohol consumption 
the famous Belgian detective hercule poirot londoni operates in the underworld , together with my right hand Captain hastingsiga . 
I would like to translate online ! 
( when you left eestist - you have there written date 03 . 05 . 2010 , which is definitely the wrong date ) . 
one day , I decided to start a new life to live 
a mess beards 
can you c + + language 
lusu is a sweetheart 
the decision was adopted 
would like home 
she graduated with honors 
I like oranges 
I am beautiful , long dill man . 
if a choir social network 
I live fighting in Belarus 
sit in the working group 
these could be important words 
files are manuses 
I don &apos;t know what I want 
it is necessary to improve the wording 
curtains kärisesid broken . 
lusu is a good 
you play very well , how you so small rating is 
sexy are missing . 
-Yes drink driving the car 
skating rabalaugastel 
as soon as the testing 
how to build a tent 
mount shown in the picture about 
puitbriketi production 
it reiterates its sentence 
I am the first 
short bulkhead 
yesterday was a beautiful day 
I can &apos;t sing 
black cow &apos;s tail is white behind the cow 
good evening , it is a pleasure to meet you ! 
you don &apos;t understand 
the man was respected deliberately 
moose lives in the woods 
do the translation of this week is working ? 
please järjesta translations using tähekesi and to receive feedback 
the dog boy did karutükke 
boy eats bread maasikamoosiga 
Estonian largest herd sheep go abroad 
my country , my happiness and joy 
we spoke with the Prime Minister andrus ansipiga enlargement of the euro area and we were at the same of the view that the existing rules to join the euro area have to work in the case of the Czech . 
do so cannot 
welcome , go to the store 
I want to go for a swim . 
I came mina, went 
speak more slowly 
are you going home tomorrow ? 
rapid translation 
welcome , how are you 
I want coffee 
life is a flower 
beet , potatoes and tomatoes - these are the vegetables . 
introduction of the system 
can you tell me what time it is ? 
these things what they can and can be , seeks to make their own efforts 
lusu is nice 
I live läänemaal, I am 65 years vana. mother-in-law lives cross alevikus and is ill gods 
the terms of the contract 
I made itself to eat 
what is the news today ? you think that is nothing ? 
why is Mom crying 
liis is charming girl 
kle , not good , find out from the familiar , which could be of interest to andreid etc . let me know ; ) 
I examined them in more detail dialogues 
they could be the keys to the modern economy 
how life goes lätimaal hello ! 
it is a dick hort 
time is much 
I do not want to do this 
many thanks once again 
during the testing , it became clear what model is the best 
liis is a beautiful girl , 
where is the best hotel tartus . 
mirna expression statistical analysis of data from the example of the study of lung cancer 
corrections kasutajaliideses sheets 
if the arno father came to the high school classes were already begun 
on page 2 3 . line from the bottom must be b ) instead of a 
welcome , can I help you ? 
what radiation ? 
where the works without tarkvarata 
the car hit the wall 
how are you 
how did it go 
welcome , my name is Michael . what is your name ? 
very nice so that the Brazilians penetrating is 
if to do so that makes it a new file name 
dear woman , I love you ! 
hello , I &apos;m stupid user 
I have the stress 
boring is 
we will remain calm 
how do I it should be able to cope with ? 
Table are large numbers . 
ese sang : " makes use of the statistical masinõpitud tõlkemudelit " 
once I walked vainul and saw a girl 
welcome , my name is veiko 
kiibitootja texas instruments announced the first bluetooth low standard of energy produced by the chip production . this is üliväikese representative of the energy demand , which would be able to act as a battery on up to a year . 
my name is peeter 
I chose the texts which did not have any system error 
the fear and peace cannot coexist 
welcome , my name is 
the egg is not chicken 
the dog is one of the oldest pets , who took the form of 8 000 ( in some data 10 000 ) years ekr , probably the gray wolf and some other koeraperekonna species kodustamise , events , targeted choice , as a result of its initial education and taltsutamise . 
can a smack would be good 
what is that thing 
klaabu is great character 
he has been sitting behind . 
after the procurement gives us instruments 
matrix shows all the differences 
how did you do it ? 
if I need help , whether you help 
if I need help , whether you help 
Hello ! 
the aim of this sentence is tested machine translation programme , and to assess its output . 
what is your name 
you have it may even be understandable - 
European Union 
man made big eyes 
I have to leave 
anyone who can sing , is in my joy 
the honourable colleague 
you know , if the fine triibulisi boots are sold in shops rimi 
the money automatic 
there is a project for the development of better models designed to create better opportunities for development for the Czech language 
this variable value is not fixed 
lunch break 
expresses its opinion then immediately 
it has room for improvement 
the first model can be the carrot 
it is not very large and open a communicator 
I , reigo , I am tallinnas . otherwise I live rakveres my girlfriend is beg . 
translate this sentence 
Erik is the boy 
I &apos;m going into town to do some shopping 
the last line may lack 
shit bread cannot 
the question whether it must be 
the mother eats porridge 
I live well ' ' 
where should I go 
I would like so 
it should be recalled that the bnfl we are the largest single creditor 
is there cannot be used 
I read Article pedase . 
it could be a coincidence 
the instrumentation shall be granted after the call for tenders for us 
for the weekend is expected to be warm without . 
lissaboni Treaty will make the EU two main contract : the European Union and the Treaty establishing the European Community . 
to add to the software 
( or rather - these data have been written , but over made unreadable ) 
how can be adjusted to 
my name is nipitiri 
single grand reality 
the bread has done , do you want ? 
art is everywhere 
it was decided to raise the fishing quotas 
this accident pealtnägijatel or nissan patrolit drawn woman is asked to contact the police on the phone 730 8814 or 110 . 
my cat is like a little peanut 
if you have any questions , we are always ready to help . 
it is then that new address ? 
how did it go ? 
come on home 
buses tartusse departing from every hour , on the hour . 
interx 
big lake is a lot of fish . 
listen , be good then , little man ! 
is it as it should be 
the human informed 
it was nice weather 
I am beautiful like the Finnish tourist would have been yesterday 
the floor is filthy 
a good way of models to assess if tõlkesüsteemi just for creating a web 
in the spring , the weather is warm 
don &apos;t fix what isn &apos;t broken 
this is a bear 
look out on which way , so you see . 
whether the Japanese language is similar to the Chinese ? no , not particularly 
I don &apos;t understand what it means mathematics . 
whether the length of the input is limited ? 
for ten days is the Czech State Gazette electronic . 
however , I will try to explain 
if the arno , together with my father came to the school classes , were already begun . 
it &apos;s a beautiful 
I am willing to answer the supplementary questions to you at the appropriate time . with respect , diana drab 
it didn &apos;t work out so good . 
the legitimacy of which will be checked and practice from the constantly clarifies and supplements . 
there was both men and women 
here I 
it may be a coincidence 
in the case of alcohol condition Estonians climbed riias vabadussambale 
in accordance with the platform 
stay free 
but now ? 
our budget is not so good that I could visit the exhibition 
if they so wish , please highlight acceptable tõlkevariandid . 
what do I need to do 
catts is fucking horrible several times been of assistance 
work on the formulation of culture , fine highlighting võttestik - it resembled a precise orkestreeringule . 
automatic translation is very interesting 
Hello , I &apos;m crocodile gena 
as we know is graaf 
my grandson is so small and lovely 
around the Estonian runner in court padrikus of Moose 
two bodies were on the way . 
are you sure 
I am tinahallis damp viimsis 
in the garden raining bread 
interx 
I noticed a couple of interesting patterns 
school is a wise man 
the machine translation within the framework of the project is completed a website which will enable the use of automatic translation of our models on the Internet . it will present before a wide audience , it would be nice if everyone who is a little time to play with it , playing with it , and would also give feedback 
this is one of the great day . 
fenomenograafia will examine what meanings give people the various social phenomena ( fenomenidele ) , what is their experience 
what do you think about that ? 
the bank transactions 
weasel climbed a tree . 
the protection of personal data 
are linked to the id - card , sert . the Centre or other related asutusetega ? 
this what you miss , can I do for you to offer but , unfortunately , our age difference is too great . you &apos;re a woman who is in their best age , however , I just a dying star 
I want to sing 
provide better tõlkevariant 
if the arno father came to the high school 
my name is mirjam 
you asked picture 
looking for the diagonaalid is perpendicular to the 
give me two more 
without papers is impossible to live in modern society 
there is no wrong questions and proposals 
please tell me how I can get the city 
who is that there ? 
take off out of the black cables , which is on the Marks 
I , today I went to the mall and bought bread . 
good weather rides on the boat there in five hours 
the mother &apos;s car 
mullusega compared to the island is sleepover county majutusasutustes kallinenud 139 crown , almost 36 % . 
the simpler , the better are 
ese to : " why part of the sentence disappears " ? 
way , way on the path to one of the road 
the baby &apos;s drinking milk . 
together , it is easier to find a solution to the 
the cables lead moodulil 
from tomorrow 
the length of the specimen is limited 
this year &apos;s winter is offered desperately snow . 
interx 
I want to eat bread 
well , lick 
the mother is at home relaxing 
we can skip that part of the 
I am a friendly , honest and adapt to new circumstances quickly 
she &apos;s around 
in this way , I would say that the years before the breakup were difficult , painful and then does not work your mind 
what is your name ? 
deserves attention to the fact that the väinamere 200 m extent is the beach safety zone 
the sun and the birds sing . 
who is it 
whether you &apos;re gay 
the cell phone is cool surf 
at the weekend invades once a chill eestisse 
immediately follows another film 
how they live 
leaves in autumn is Belcher 
I agree with him 
a flat tire 
spirit is strong , but the body is weak 
I &apos;m sorry 
how they actually live 
I &apos;m going to the employer 
whether the works 
he cleans when the doorbell helisab 
the eyes of the cat scratches 
can I get to do so 
rando chemist is like a comedian 
today is Tuesday 
cranes fly south 
and I tried 
interx 
what do you want 
please log in , and alter its settings . 
on Thursday must be nice weather . 
potatoes folded away 
yesterday a lot of rain . 
here , an interpreter it away ! 
I do not see your results 
Estonian , English automatic translation 
at the beginning of the most 
translate for at the beginning of the sentence 
that I could visit 
let &apos;s run 
I would like now to eat . 
this depends on the fact , if the person is informed 
how to make the world a better place 
yesterday peetril burned down the house . 
let the machine translates 
operational programmes must be implemented precisely and used to best effect , the financing of the Union to respond to the need to implement the labour market aktiivmeetmeid as the training of the unemployed , anticipation and management of restructuring measures , upgrading skills of workers 
the sun shines . 
which shows that 
the deputy mayor jäppinen lays down the Agency 
I want coffee 
do not be afraid Estonian chest 
kalevite strong son was sitting should let my stomach settle . 
what it is 
maailmakorralduse problems 
I love you . 
do more simply cannot 
it is stupid boy He is 
Estonian they 
subtitling the film , 
the owner went into the woods 
pay is low 
a rainbow relates to undoubtedly hoovihmade and hot season . 
where the 
it is very difficult to bag 
I want to fly to the moon 
sademevee draining is adviser to comparable to waste water discharges , according to the service , because it must also for the proper functioning of the water , the company to expenditure . 
how do you live ? 
the dog was barking 
I see that you are lisnud 
a great deal 
the slope is a good worker 
do you have a new employee here ? 
please don &apos;t touch my stuff anymore . 
I understood 
we were 
welcome , my name is meelis 
welcome , Annex please salt 
I am 22 years old 
the boat goes there five hours 
don &apos;t fix things , which is not broken 
no which package it is here ? 
where are my car keys 
what lard 
Ireland trip 
can you tell me , where is the nearest gas station ? 
Japanese Prime Minister 
good sister 
I fell down 
where , by looking at , so you see it . 
are you going to school today ? 
go to a movie ... 
olav is a good man 
often the stars in the sky was seen 
the mother woke up in the morning 
welcome ! do you work ? 
our machine translation demoleht 
we do not know how they actually think 
please take me to the bus station , 
young man was walking in the woods . 
the mouse huppas , body-poppin &apos; , old bear created the drum 
the brown bear jumped over the green squirrel 
welcome , my name is marko . 
the boy played ball away . 
tarti University 
