language , literature , performing arts , visual arts , architecture , crafts , film and broadcasting is all part of the European cultural diversity . 
the European Union has two objectives : to preserve and support this diversity and make it available to others . 
Eli cultural industries to cinematographic and audiovisual industry , publishing activities , the industry and crafts - are all important sources of income and jobs providers , by giving the activities of approximately seven million people . 
Union lies with the economic responsibility for that area and he shall endeavour to ensure the right conditions for European industry to be competitive at international level . 
therefore , the EU has initiated a certain strands of cultural industries to support programmes , which are encouraged them to make use of the opportunities offered by the single market and digital technologies . 
also , the EU is trying to create these industries a dynamic environment , by facilitating access to funding , contributing to the overall and by encouraging cooperation in the Union &apos;s internal and external partners . 
the Union shall involve cultural dimension also many of its other policies , such as education ( including language ) , research , new technologies and the information society and support for social and regional development . 
for example , the European Social Fund supports the Arturo Italy TOSCANINI fund , which has since the mid-1990s , organised courses for unemployed musicians . 
the specific objectives of the current Culture Programme is to promote awareness at European level the important kultuuriobjektidest and to promote their conservation ; to promote the transnational mobility of workers in the cultural sector ; to encourage the circulation of cultural products and works of the Committee on Culture and transnational dissemination ; and to stimulate intercultural dialogue . 
‘ Media ’ programmes , the aim of which is to make the European audiovisual sector more dynamic and competitive , has worked since the mid-1990s . 
every year , one or two cities are chosen as European Capitals of Culture and it gives them the right also to the financial support . 
linguistic diversity is the European Union &apos;s culture and a cornerstone of democracy . 
language , not only does not open the door to other cultures , but also gives us the opportunity to get in practice to other countries when travelling or there working part kultuurikontaktidest . 
an estimated 40 million people in the EU speaks native language , which is not the language of their country of origin . 
the aim of the common agricultural policy is to ensure a fair standard of living for farmers , to supply consumers a fair price for quality food and maintain our maapärandit . 
left over the beef and butter mountains and milk lakes is thanks to the first wave of reforms already twenty years past . 
our main information and the source of entertainment , television . 
each of us on average three hours a day &apos;s news , spordiülekandeid , films and other programmes looking . 
the government of each Member State has its own audiovisual policy , while at the same time , the Union shall lay down rules and guidelines for the common interest , such as the EU and open borders and fair competition . 
in order to protect its cultural diversity and the promotion of local products applied for the EU in the World Trade Organisation of the so-called cultural exception , which worked to achieve . 
because of the speed of technological innovation is broadcasting and telecommunications closer to each other . 
open borders and affordable transport is given to Europeans unprecedented personal freedom of movement . 
the goods are transported quickly and effectively from the factory to consumers , who may often located in different countries . 
the European Union has contributed to the opening up to competition and the free movement of the internal market by removing the physical and technical barriers . 
but the current patterns and growth rate is not sustainable . 
people and goods rapid , effective and cheap transport capacity of the EU is a dynamic economy and a cohesive society objective The guiding principle . 
the removal of barriers to the grouping of cross-border trade and travel have increased the volume of long-distance transport of goods and passengers . 
although many aspects of the transport policy of the Member States fall within the scope is reasonable , if the European Common Market , the single transport infrastructure . 
over the last ten years , the EU has opened up to competition national transporditurud throughout the Union , particularly in the road and lennutranspordisektori and less rail transport . 
as a result of this , lorries may take after the goods also in other than the home countries , so that they do not go about international empty back . 
Maanteevedude transported by now 44 % of all goods in the EU , with 39 % are transported to the short sea routes had to , 10 % of the railways and inland waterways to 34 % . 
Kauba-ja passenger transport transition from road transport the least polluting modes of transport is a key factor in any sustainable transport policy . 
the European Union ( EU ) is a family of democratic European countries , which is committed to the cooperation of peace and prosperity . 
El is not the country , which should replace the existing countries , as well as not international cooperation organisation . 
the European Union &apos;s historical origins go back to the Second World War . 
the idea was born because Europeans decided to prevent such killing and destruction taaskordumist . 
in the early years of TEN-Transport cooperated with the six countries and mainly in the field of trade and the economy . 
now belongs to the EU of 27 countries and 490 million people and it deals with many different issues that are of direct importance for our everyday lives . 
Europe has many different traditions and languages of the continent , but it is also common values , such as democracy , freedom and social justice . 
in the world of the 21st century , which countries depend on each other more and more than in the past , it is increasingly necessary to every European citizen to other countries with people curiosity , openness and cooperation in a spirit of solidarity . 
you can travel through the greater part of the EU without a passport and without border control , that you are ended . 
Eli story ten step from the Schuman Declaration and six Member States of the EU in the 1950s up to the 2007 enlargement and the 27 Member States . 
it was on 9 May 1950 Schuman Declaration of the proposal to establish the European Coal and teraseühendus ( ECSC ) , which saiteoks on 18 April 1951 Treaty of Paris . 
customs duties between the six countries completely abolished on 1 July 1968 and the 1960s , it set up a common policies , in particular in the trade and agricultural policy . 
in June 1979 was made a decisive step forward for the European Community , the European Parliament took place because the first direct and general elections . 
European political shape change significantly from the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 . 
in March 2000 , the EU adopted the Lisbon strategy for the modernisation of the European economy and to enable it to compete on the world market on the other key actors , such as the United States and the newly industrialised countries of . 
Rännumehel is so much to detect and the European Union has made it much easier . 
you can cross many borders without controls in the EU and the euro makes it easier to favourable shopping . 
a green card is not obligatory when travelling in the EU , but it is an internationally recognised kindlustustõend and simplifies the requirements arising from the level of accidents . 
the creation of the single European market in air transport has meant lower fares and a wider choice of carriers and services for passengers . 
in the EU has 210 000 km of railways , which offers a variety of international passenger services . 
in a number of countries have high-speed rail links , which amounts to speed up to 300 km / h and the network is being extended this year of the new ühendusteedega in Belgium , Spain , Italy , the Netherlands , in France , Germany and the United Kingdom . 
the Baltic Sea on the shores of Latvia is low , located in the land of the large forests , where varutakse timber construction and to the paper industry . 
it also is produced in Latvia consumer goods and tekstiilikaupu and tööpinke . 
ethnically consists of the population 59 % lätlastest and 29 % of the Russians , and more than one third of the population living in the capital city , Riga . 
1201. established in Riga is the largest city in the Baltic States , the population is 730 000 . 
Latvia monoecious Parliament Seim shall be elected by direct universal suffrage in the general elections every four years . 
shall elect the President of Parliament , as well as every four years . 
Latvia the kitchen iseloomulikeks roogadeks is peekonipirukad and cold refreshing hapupiimasupp . 
the website is divided into three parts , to facilitate access to the legislation , activity reports , brošüüridele , audiovisuaalmaterjalile , national documents , archives , etc . 
in this regard , Loetletakse sites , which deals with all documents of the institutions or activities . 
here you will find documents published ( Community legislation , the proposals , communications , reports , green and white papers ) , the register of documents ( where Loetletakse published and unpublished documents ) , an audiovisual , scene , the entry points bibliograafilistele databases and the European institutions saitidel available brochures and publications of the list . 
veebiassistendi before the start of the session of the best service , please read the following indications . 
it is now represented in these pages 32 activities . 
each action is the area of action , such as agriculture , the environment or research , in which the EU conducts programmes , organising events or adopt legislation . 
every EU action has its portaali- and ülevaateleht . 
if one klõpsate vasakmenüü portaalilinkidest , get linkideni , leading to the various infoallikateni : the institutions concerned leaves during growing season , recent progress , the relevant legal texts and other documents . 
if you use ülevaatelehtede search , you will find a brief introduction to the subject . 
you can also get , clicking on each of the head-lock portaalilehe letter ‘ a ’ . 
we hope that this website is useful and informative . 
the questions and comments , please contact with us directly . 
the European Union activities sheets give information in the field of 32 on which the EU is involved , including programmes , events and legislation . 
every EU action has its portal , where the links to the various data sources and ülevaateleheni , where you will find the introduction to the relevant issue . 
information is provided in 20 languages ( Czech , Danish , Dutch , English , Estonian , Latvian , Lithuanian , Maltese , Polish , Portuguese , French , Swedish , German , Slovak , Slovenian , Spanish and Swedish ) . 
these pages translated soon in the Bulgarian and Romanian languages , and then they are available in all the official languages of the European Union . 
please note that , although you see portals in 20 languages , leads to the most links to readers , however , ingliskeelsetele newspapers . 
we produce a new type of green building material — bambuspõrandaid . 
companies bambuspõrandates produced is used as a raw material for more than six years of lehistähkbambust , which is processed internationally recognised through new technology and passing through materjalivaliku in the production , processing , whitening , drying , moth balls , while to a total of over 30 tööetapi . 
it maintains the bamboo exquisite and beautiful , simple and elegant , warm and soft texture , which will take you back to nature . 
Bambuspõrandad is available in the natural värvitoonis , the flat , smooth , strong and painduvana , hõõrumiskindlana and other properties – it is a new valuable sisustusmaterjaliga with modern homes , hotels , commit themselves for halls , etc . 
you can visit our website , in order to make their membership or settings , including to notifications tellimisest , commission hulksõnum or to abandon the transmission of notifications ( e.g. for that period of leave ) and so on . 
in addition to the website you can also make such changes via e-mail . 
I hereby are invited to submit konverentsiettekannete summaries . 
the reports should focus on the use of the translation or tõlketarkvara , not so much the theoretical questions . 
especially welcome is the reports , which will be demonstrated in practical use . 
participants are invited to submit its presentation at least 500 word , together with a summary report on the design and short a curriculum vitae . 
summaries should be sent by post or email of 13 July 2007 . 
summaries of the authors of the report shall be informed of their adoption or rejection by 1 August 2007 . 
the reports shall be täisversioonid konverentsimaterjalidele , and must be submitted by 20 October 2007 . 
Esinejatel are asked to submit the original , not yet published in the ECR täisettekanded thematic area of this seminar . 
the report shall examine each of at least two members of the programme committee . 
the seminar reports will be among the materials . 
the seminar reports by performers agree that , in the case where the presentation shall be chosen for publication , shall take part in the workshop , at least one of the authors . 
all the participants have to pay the registration fee seminar . 
do not use the device , if the cordless phone use is prohibited or if it can cause an alarm or at risk . 
keep your hands always while driving the vehicle for the management of the free . 
its application must support for the use of your browser Javascripti . 
wireless microphone equipment may disturb the functioning of the plane . 
do not use the device at the gas station , fuel or close to the chemicals . 
do not forget to make the important information of replacement or written copies . 
this device functions using follow the laws , and respect other people &apos;s privacy and legitimate rights . 
you need to use the phone wireless Interneti-sideteenuse service provider . 
many of the device functions can only be used depending on the wireless Internet opportunities . 
possible that you need teenusepakkujalt for their use lisajuhiseid and explanations concerning the charges applicable . 
for example , do not necessarily a network to support all keeleomaseid signs or services . 
the memory of sharing this device is linked to the following functions : contacts , the text messages , multimeediasõnumid , ring tones , Audiofailid , calendar and notebook , any of the application of stored files ( for example , documents , pictures , Audiofailid and video clips posted ) and downloaded applications . 
one or more of the use of such a function may be reduced to the rest of the functions of the funds available for capacity in data storage . 
if you are trying to use the shared memory function , can the device may be displayed know that the memory is full . 
Lisaseadme toitejuhtme to seize and pull the plug , not the wire . 
shut off the device always out and get rid of before the battery charger removal . 
the device on the back of your half , press the backing avamisnuppu and slide towards the lid arrows . 
if you have a memory card , slide mälukaardipesasse data card . 
the battery &apos;s full täitumisel may laadimisindikaatori kuvamiseni to go a few minutes of time . 
if the battery is not enough to use the full , comes into the device out . 
if you turn in a cell phone , can it automatically to identify the service provider and the SIM card configured correctly text messages , multimeediasõnumid and GPRS-seadistused . 
Kommunikaatorliides starts after the battery connection to the first . 
contact antenna affects speech quality and may cause a greater energy consumption . 
Figure is to see the normal position of use of the device andmesidel and , in the case of the ear voice . 
in the event of a complaint , contact the airline or valmisreisipakkujaga . 
any EU Member State to call 9-1-1 select fixed-line or from a cell phone number 112 . 
in order to avoid delays and difficulties , as in the case , if the airport security must you something to confiscate , watch yourself that you are not accompanied by anything ilegal . 
the objective of the seminar is to give the participants of the opportunity to exchange arvutussüsteemide-alaseid ideas , methods and applications , in order to address the challenges facing all the practitioners , to assess the level in the field and to identify the possible future joint research areas . 
Konverentsiseerial participates in many listeners , including translators , managers , scientists and keeleasjatundjad . 
once again , the conference interpreters in the area of the recent progress made and ( translation ) software . 
the Conference of the Parties to the needs of the following : the industry , public administration , the authorities , freelance and developers . 
amendment of the information exchange Internetipõhise lately further mitmekeelsemaks has led to new progress in the field of multilingual natural language processing . 
recently , there has been interest in the same terms against the automatic identification of the different languages . 
there are new exciting culture , such as the web and comparable keelekorpuste use for this , and the focus of attention has been the new keelenähtused , such as mitmesõnalised phrases and real ones . 
the seminar brings together researchers who are engaged in the various problems , which are related to the management of multilingual keelevahendite to their acquisition , management , adjustment and korduvkasutamisega . 
the seminar will be given assessment mitmekeelsetele leksikonidele , which is intended for very different applications : tõlkeprojekti kohandatavatest sõnaloenditest until the great machine form and , to the databases on . 
the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor , an important test facility , the aim of which is to demonstrate that the fusion energy production is technically and scientifically feasible . 
research and innovation will help create jobs , improve the well-being and quality of life . 
following the successful attempts in recent years , fusion energy research and development has reached the point where it is possible to wait for the effective progress of fusion on the road towards sustainable energy production . 
‘ Teadmised is a key factor for competitiveness , ” said the Commissioner for Science and Research Janez Potočnik . 
if our businesses must play a leading role in the future , they need to invest in knowledge now and governments must take appropriate measures to assist them . 
El is part of a globalised world , where knowledge is burn evenly distributed than ever before . 
fusion offers the opportunity to produce a long period of almost an unlimited number of clean energy . 
research and development of the private sector the low levels of expenditure in Europe in comparison with the US is mainly caused by differences in the industrial structure and the fact that the European high-tech industry is lower . 
as regards the level of science , although the EU is the world &apos;s biggest scientific knowledge , the creator of the impact of science is lower than the US science its . 
Europe is cites mõjukusnäitajate and rohelt quoted in terms of the number of works from the US in all scientific disciplines behind . 
it is also the EU universities very under-represented in the world &apos;s largest university bibliomeetrilistel indicators based at the top of the ranking list . 
in addition , communications technology ( patented inventions ) and between research base in the EU much weaker than the USA . 
Europe is difficult to achieve a breakthrough in the new kõrgetehnoloogiatööstuses . 
today started the research and development of new discovery , if the European Commission adopted proposals to launch the first ever an EU-wide public and private research and arendustegevuspartnerlus . 
our competitiveness and prosperity of Europe needs in certain paljulubavates areas of science a new approach . 
they are areas of research , where the national , European level and tööstuse-poolne funding gives much less added value , creating favourable conditions for research and development of greater funding by the private sector . 
invisible computers ( embedded computing systems ) run today of all machinery from cars , planes and telephones , from energiavõrkudest and factories to washing machines and televiisoriteni . 
it is estimated that by 2010 there is over 16 billion , and the provision of embedded computing by 2020 exists throughout the world over 40 billion of the device . 
for 2010 falls their invisible chip account for 30 to 40 % of the value of the new products tarbijaelektroonikas ( 41 % ) , telecommunications ( 37 % ) , automotive ( 36 % ) and in medical devices ( 33 % ) . 
innovative medicines initiative supports the new knowledge , equipment and the development of methods to enable better and safer medicines faster introduction . 
now , the European Commission will present its ideas on the European Research Area , which accounts for most of the potential for knowledge . 
the objective of the Commission has the potential to take , enabling people , infrastructure , organisations , themselves , teadmistevahetusel and global cooperation to operate effectively . 
the creation of more efficient knowledge and use is very important , if the EU wants to achieve its economic , social and societal objectives , which are listed in the Lisbon strategy for growth and employment . 
our future depends on whether Europe can truly knowledge-based society . 
the European Research Area is the foundation on which it must be to build a knowledge-based society . 
Äriettevõtetel is difficult to establish partnerships with the universities , in particular with universities located in other countries . 
scientists face of career development or the rest of the EU research to do by going still obstacles . 
national and regional research funding is still largely uncoordinated and therefore ineffective . 
the use of the results of research could significantly improve . 
the document is annexed to the guidelines , which will help research organisations to improve the links with industry , which highlight the knowledge and the management of intellectual property and the exchange of good practice . 
sufficiently competent researchers , who is very mobile institutions , disciplines , sectors and between countries , is one of the main tent . 
the aim of the directive is to achieve the European Union by 2015 all rivers , lakes , estuary waters , coastal waters and groundwater quality good level . 
sustainable water management is of vital importance of biodiversity , the well-being of citizens and to protect the competitiveness of European industries . 
the participating partners can benefit from greater visibility for , research and development of the higher capacity , better financial incentives and the risk of a reduction in the costs . 
companies will be involved directly to research and haridustegevusse , thus contributing to supporting the entrepreneurial mindset among researchers and academics . 
the European Commission is currently held in terms of how best to update the European universities . 
European universities have huge potential , a large part of which remains stiffness and various obstacles to the detriment of the unused . 
large knowledge , into the release of energy supplies and calls for the immediate , comprehensive and coordinated change : from the systems of the regulation and the management of the way up to university governance meetoditeni . 
although the universities train and teach every year , millions of people , is the European kõrgharidussüsteemides still a number of obstacles , many of which is decades old . 
universities have knowledge of the creation of a driving force . 
Ülikoolidel need to adapt to the global , teadmisepõhise the requirements of the economy , in the same way as the need to adapt to the society and other sectors of the economy . 
each institution should find education , research and innovation balance , which fits his role in his region or country the best . 
the aim is to create a framework in which the ülekoolid can become strong global actors in the knowledge-based society and economy . 
the Commission is ready to support the EU &apos;s universities updating the identification and sharing of good practice and through the process of their education , research and innovation funding through programmes . 
the European Commission is determined from 9 areas where changes should be made so that European universities can contribute to the creation of a true knowledge-based economy . 
one of the proposals is to enable students to use public loans and grants everywhere in the EU , where they decide to study or research to do . 
we need to national õppemaksu- and support schemes to change so that the very best students can participate in higher education and continue research careers , whatever their background . 
we need to university funding systems to change that these focus more result and would enable the universities greater responsibility for its own long-term finantjätkusuutlikkuse , in particular in the field of research . 
we need to allow for greater autonomy and accountability of universities , so that they can change to react quickly . 
this may include a review of the curriculum to adapt them to the new developments , the introduction of closer relations between disciplines and the focus on specific based instead of the general teadusvaldkondadele ( e.g. renewable energy , nanotechnology ) . 
it may also include greater autonomy at the level of a particular institution study and researchers in the choice . 
in all the Member States of the EU must be belt now to confirm all vehicles , including turismibussid and mikrobussid . 
observe that , in Cyprus , Ireland , Malta and the United Kingdom drive on the left side , and remember that in some countries , such as Belgium , France , madalmaad and Portugal , you should generally pave the way for a grant from the right lähenevatele vehicles . 
use of mobile phones whilst driving life-threatening significantly increases the risk of accidents , and is in all EU Member States shall be prohibited whether directly or indirectly . 
although in most of the EU Member States is the maximum permitted blood alcohol content of 0.5 mg / ml , in others it amounts to 0.2 mg / ml and 0.8 mg / ml ( 0.9 mg / ml in Cyprus ) and some countries at the time of the management of the vehicle must not be at all in the blood alcohol . 
when travelling in the EU gives sõidukikindlustuspoliis automatically by the law of the required minimum insurance cover ( motor insurance ) . 
the speed limit on motorways is generally 110 , 120 or 130km / h in built-up areas , and it is 50 or sometimes 60 km / h . 
Lennureisijana is you air and broneerimisteabe , pagasikahjustuste , delays and cancellation of flights , on board to refuse , accidents or valmisreisidega problems of certain rights . 
these rights apply to both the national and international kilometre and tellimuslendudel from one EU airport or to an EU airport from outside the EU if operated EU carrier . 
is established by the new rules on liquids that passengers can carry out a hand luggage airport control posts . 
liquids ( including , toothpaste , lotions , gels , sprays , perfumes ) must be separately in the vessel maximum volume of 100 ml . 
passengers are permitted to take liquids purchased väljalennualalt , such as beverages or perfumes . 
reflecting the will of the citizens and States of Europe to build a common future , this Constitution establishes the European Union , which the Member States conferring competence to achieve our common goals . 
the Union shall coordinate the policies of the Member States to achieve these objectives , and shall exercise as an association of the competences assigned to it . 
the Union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . 
the peoples of Europe , in creating an ever closer union among them , resolved to share a peaceful future based on common values . 
the Union conscious of its spiritual and moral heritage , and is based on respect for human dignity , freedom , equality and solidarity ; the indivisible , universal fundamental values of the Union is based on the principle of democracy and the rule of law . 
the Union supports the maintenance and development of these common values while respecting the diversity of the cultures and traditions of the peoples of Europe , as well as the national identities of the Member States and their national , regional and local authorities organisation ; it seeks to promote balanced and sustainable development , and to ensure that persons , services , goods and the free movement of capital and the freedom of establishment . 
changes in society , social progress and scientific and technological developments in mind , it is necessary to strengthen the protection of fundamental rights , bringing them out more clearly in the Charter . 
of these rights entails responsibilities and duties with other people , human and future generations . 
the right to marry and right to found a family shall be guaranteed governing the exercise of these rights , in accordance with the national laws . 
everyone has the right to peaceful assembly and to freedom of association at all levels , in particular in political , trade union and civic matters , which implies the right to protect its interests to form and to join trade unions . 
the Union is a single institutional framework which shall ensure her pass in order to achieve the objectives of the activities of the consistency and the continuity of the while respecting and building upon the acquis communautaire . 
the European Parliament , the Council , the Commission , the Court of Justice and the Court of Auditors shall exercise their powers under the conditions and objectives , which is provided for in the Treaties establishing the European Communities , on the one hand , and modifying and supplementing them and of the subsequent Treaties and Acts provisions , and , on the other hand , by the other provisions of this Treaty . 
the Union is founded on the principles of liberty , democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , and the rule of law , principles which are common to the Member States . 
the Council , acting by qualified majority , may decide subsequently measures taken under paragraph 3 to amend or withdraw , if the introduction of these bore the situation becomes . 
Member States shall work together to enhance and develop their mutual political solidarity . 
the European Council shall define the principles of and general guidelines for the common foreign and security policy , including for matters with defence implications . 
the European Council shall decide on common strategies of the Union in those areas where the Member States have important interests . 
if the circumstances change and it affects a question subject to such a joint action , the Council shall review the principles and objectives of that action and take the necessary decisions . 
the Council may request the Commission to submit to him the common foreign and security policy to the appropriate proposals to ensure that the implementation of the Joint Action . 
changes in the situation and the Council decision due to the lack of a strong , where appropriate , Member States may take the necessary urgent measures , in the light of the overall objectives of the Joint Action . 
for the purposes of this Article refers to the policy of the Union does not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain Member States and shall take account of the obligations under the North Atlantic Treaty of those Member States , which see their common defence realised in the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation ( NATO ) , the policy of the Union is in line with the Treaty laid down within the framework of the common security and defence policy . 
in international organisations and at international conferences where not all the Member States , rely on the Member States participating in the common positions . 
the European Parliament may ask questions of the Council or make recommendations to it . 
it shall hold an annual debate about the Common Foreign and Security Policy on the progress made in the implementation . 
each Member State or the Commission may refer to the Council of the common foreign and security policy issues and to make proposals to the Council . 
in cases requiring a rapid decision , the Presidency is calling on their own initiative or at the request of the Commission or of a Member State within 48 hours , in cases of extreme urgency within a shorter period of time together an extraordinary session of the Council . 
if a member of the Council declares that it intends to Member State relating to policy on important and , for the reasons set out to be adopted by qualified majority decision-making , then the issue of the vote shall not be taken . 
this established by the Treaty on European Union , the European Union established by the Treaty on European Union and the European Community successor . 
the Government of any Member State , the European Parliament or the Commission may submit to the Council proposals for the amendment of this Treaty . 
if , two years after the signature of the treaty amending this Treaty , four fifths of the Member States have ratified it , but one or more Member States have encountered difficulties in proceeding with ratification , the matter shall be referred to the European Council . 
Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community ( EAEC Treaty ) was signed in Rome on 25 March 1957 and entered into force on 1 January 1958 . 
the Euratom Treaty objective was to coordinate already begun or Member States proposed the peaceful use of nuclear energy research programmes . 
this Treaty is now , in a certain sense , taken over by the EC Treaty . 
ordinary contain conditions , which is laid down in the new countries of the European Union on the accession of the Union , and the necessary adaptations of the underlying agreements . 
the European Coal and Steel Community Treaty ( ECSC Treaty ) are of three of the Treaty establishing the European Community oldest and it was signed in Paris on 23 July 1952 and expired on 23 July 2002 , as was concluded in 50 years . 
the objective of the agreement was to set up a common the coal and steel market , and the same scheme was gradually extended to other majandusvaldkondadesse . 
now applies to the coal and steel sector of the EC Treaty , the normal time . 
such agreements are concluded always subjects of international law ( Member States or organisations ) , with a view to open international cooperation . 
international agreements is another source of EU legislation , which will enable the European Union to develop the economic , social and political relations with the rest of the world . 
the European Union under the first pillar of the agreements concluded by the Union are binding in the Union and the Member States ; the second and third pillars of the agreements shall be binding on the institutions of the Member States , but not always . 
Assotsiatsioonilepingud include close economic cooperation with a comprehensive Community financial support lepingupartnerile . 
Cooperation agreements is not the same as the broad association agreements , because the only close economic cooperation . 
Kaubanduslepingud is outside the Union countries or group of countries outside the Union or international kaubandusorganisatsioonide concluded in the framework of the General Agreement on Tariffs and kaubanduspoliitikalepingud . 
Liikmesriikidevahelised agreements are concluded between Member States binding legislation is to resolve such matters , which is closely linked to the activities of the Community , but for which is not granted , the powers of the institutions of the Community or national provisions to expand the borders of the territory , to establish at Community level a single piece of legislation ( such as the Community patendileping ) . 
secondary legislation of Community legislation is the third most source after the Treaties ( primary legislation ) and international agreements . 
secondary legislation include as laid down in the EC Treaty binding legislation ( regulations , directives and decisions ) and non-binding acts ( resolutions , opinions ) , together with a number of other acts such as the agencies of the internal rules and Community action programmes . 
the second and third Sambaga related legislation , which it is not actually of secondary legislation , since they are regulated continue to intergovernmental relations , is this category covered by proper documentation terms . 
the Council and the European Parliament adopted jointly by or only the Commission adopted Regulation is the main measure , which is binding on all the parts . 
unlike the directives , which is addressed to the Member States , and decisions , which is addressed to specific recipients , is the regulations aimed at all . 
the regulation is directly applicable , which means that it will create in all the Member States without delay effective law as well as the national legislation , without that national authorities should also do something . 
Consolidation consists of the basic act ( Treaty or of a Community act ) and to that later changes and improvements to the inclusion in a single text , which is not formally authentic . 
the European Court of Justice and the Court of First Instance issued by the court or litigation procedure concluding decisions . 
Paul Lee had their liver China executed from a prisoner . 
two years ago , he was diagnosed with liver cancer , but the doctors refused to transplantation , fearing that the tumor can spread . 
the hospital has links with many prisons . 
world Health Organisation estimates that are made every year 21 000 a liver transplant . 
the newly introduced a ban the sale of the Chinese human organs and restricted the opportunity to obtain siirikuid välismaalastelt . 
Pakistan , where inimelunditega trading is not against the law , it is becoming ‘ neerulaadaks ” , said the Pakistani neeru-sihtasutuse leader Jaffar Naqvi . 
in May the police arrested nine people , four of them , the doctor who were robbing people , they drugged and robbed them of kidney transplant . 
the stories of its organs müüvatest people are not rare also in Egypt , where millions of people live below the poverty line . 
tropical storm warning means that the storm reaches warned areas is expected to be within 24 hours . 
sünoptikud is predicted that 6-kuine orkaaniperiood , which officially begins on 1 June , but which will intensify rarely before August , is my 16 roll-call storm average active . 
many of these show that one third of all cases of cancer is caused by tobacco use and the second one third ülekaalulisusest and physical passiivsusest . 
the Federal Government should also call for the removal of unhealthy food koolitoidu- and — lõunaprogrammidest and should put an end to the economy of the diseases and health spending enhancing unhealthy food supply . 
on Wednesday arose lost hope rescuers Utah ’ six men trapped in a mine in the search for new difficulties , since they could not for a wire placed in a third hole drilled into the soil . 
so far , the rescue teams drilling three holes in the soil , in order to reach the underground käikudeni , where miners may have fled , but in no time they are not able to identify the signs of life . 
the President but not announced that Rumsfeld leaves the day after the elections . 
instead , the man who was changed the Bush Administration sõjakabineti a target for criticism , the President for his management . 
representatives of the Ministry of Defence in November 2006 resignation repeatedly refused to such persons . 
the Afghan press quoted government officials , who said that is in the fight against killed nearly 50 troops . 
the local people have said that tens of families have fled the area , and that the US and the Afghan forces have been bombing the north the three village and in the fight against is dead until 30 civilians . 
‘ We are not in any of the village and the operation has been carried away from any populated areas namely ’ , claimed the representative of the US . 
deaths was not possible independently verified . 
in this region are many õhutegevust observed , it seems that now it is quite intense . 
politically , no separate the two candidates almost nothing . 
the Iraqi vähemusrühmituse angry members have said that were afraid of on Thursday own destruction , if the four-year conflict in one of the worst enesetapurünnakus killed dozens of people . 
the number of deaths are assessed 175-st 500 for . 
the US military officer said that of bombings primary suspect is al Qaeda . 
the US military officer said on Thursday , that the capital of the northern part became kolmapäevases attack in two soldiers killed , and six wounded . 
bombings were the worst a coordinated attack in Iraq since November 2006 , when a car bomb six 200 killed and wounded 250 people . 
he said that the 600 people were made homeless . 
the rescue dug the whole Wednesday maavärinapiirkonda left in ruins . 
blankets and covered by the bodies were placed in the street . 
two tense and tired looking and felled head-on people do not shown no joy and relief . 
‘ Thank you very much , and I am sorry that I have caused trouble , ” said another released a hostage . 
the authorities barring välisajakirjandusel reflect their return to the aerodrome , with reference to the julgeolekukaalutlustele . 
after the short comments were these two military hospital , &apos; health check and relatives to meet . 
the soul suburban character of the church , who was a group of the Afghan sent , claimed that no church or relatives prevented the granting of comments . 
the other hostages teleülekannet return to the family members of the church and applauded a massive amount , if they saw two exempt from the hostage to emerge from the first time . 
a group of went on a mission , despite warnings from the South Korean Government not to go to a power struggle divided country . 
these two related apologized when they released on Monday , and said that will not rest until all the other hostage remained has been released . 
they were involved in the church at the memorial service for our dead friends , if opened an earthquake . 
I have now three little boy , but I have no house , because it collapsed . 
around her Square milling people in search of their relatives and friends , most of them very simple , poor in blankets and glaring näojoontega . 
in the vicinity of the lie in each other &apos;s arms , father and daughter , as they kirikuvaremetest was found dead . 
alongside them lying side by side three boys aged 10 , 3 and a half years , probably brothers . 
in this game is a lot of talk about inflation and my job is to find out whether there are inflation . 
it makes consumers more natural act , because they are in competition with each other at many levels , not only the fight against the tactical level , but also at the logistics and resources after . 
a real majandusinimesena had to spend but , in search of economic theory test data , but if I was wrong , I was not sure whether the theory is wrong or data is wrong . 
if we were opened the region , where there were more tsüdriini ( game occurring mineral ) , we have seen that prices fell . 
‘ these patents is related to technologies that improve the functioning of the raadiosideseadmete and efficiency , but will also enable lower costs of production , the smaller the dimensions of the products and the battery longer working lives , ” said Nokia . 
these technologies are key in terms of Nokia success , since give its products competitive edge in front of the other producers . 
so the industry players if analysts expect that , between the two litsentsilepingul 3G-tehnoloogiate has a huge impact on the future . 
this game introduces children vastupanukultuuri : that the occupation has to be opposed , and that the land and the people must be controlled . 
by means of this game can be of some of the child … silmapaistvamast battle , and the fact that the enemy will be defeated . 
the Resistance south of victory achieved secrets has been taken over in this game , so that the child is coming to understand that the enemy is needed to fight other than the only weapon . 
the programme will enable users to pursue computers , which made the amendments of the popular internetientsüklopeediasse , where everyone can be made to the entries and to improve . 
the FBI did not receive an answer now . 
did not know whether changes made some agencies or company official representative , but sure , was that the amendment made someone who had access to the organisation of the network . 
the European markets rose again after reedehommikusi losses , despite the Asian markets emerging from a severe recession . 
the Japanese investors are worried that the US economic downturn is hitting Asia driven exports . 
it also circulate speculation that turuprobleemidele despite may Japanese bank next week to raise interest rates . 
starting with a woman was brought multidistsiplinaarsesse rinnakliinikusse better in the chest because of the pieces . 
in the case of the normal practice is over 35-aastastele found in the chest of a specific piece of patients mammograafia- and an ultrasound . 
Mammograafiat will be assessed within the wider than other ülesvõttetehnikaid and it is still breast cancer diagnosis of the main instruments . 
if the breast cancer diagnosis , it has become a design operational ( usually surgical ) treatment . 
whether the modern rinnaradioloogia gives more precise information on the location of the tumour before the operation ? 
in the hospital patients from its diagnosis , there is a risk of diseases and the increasing age and our hospitals in the increasingly more complex due to treatment violently the disease . 
these procedures cooperating workers must be trained to those observations document , understand their clinical meaning and act in accordance with these . 
cannot recommend any specific configuration of the services as normal methodology , as there is no firm evidence of clinical also on the cost-effectiveness . 
if the patient therapeutic team considers that taking into intensive care is clinically indicated , must üleviimisotsusega accept such patients treated as intensive care ward consultant consultant . 
if there is a decision to the patient intensiivravist over üldpalatisse , should transfer to take place in the same day as quickly as possible . 
the era of the campaign against raudtee-sidemastide declared the organisers of last night &apos;s own victory , if the national raudteefirma changed its development plans . 
it also says group that , as a result of their protest makes the Network Rail its future developments over the way in which the consultation . 
probably stop now all protests and simply will monitor the situation until completion . 
I think that these are good news and that we need to assess this that they took us to hear and changed things for the benefit of all . 
Network Raili representative said that the company was pleased to find a compromise over . 
we have made comments to hear and incorporated into the compromise reached with them as much as possible . 
the Council approved the plan to build a large sise-jalgpallistaadioni in the place where it is a historic Durham city sisenevatelt iron and from road visible . 
the stadium mainly by the city sisenevalt from road looking at the view cathedral itself . 
Transpordikonsultant James Taylor said : ‘ This even leads to believe that the members of the Council had not been granted before taking a decision on such a big building all the necessary information . ” 
Internetitelefoniteenus Skype not worked on Thursday , leaving a large part of its 220 million users — some of them small businesses – tavatelefonidest given up without the opportunity to call the colleagues , customers and friends . 
Skype allows its users through the computer to call . 
other SKYPE members can call free of charge . 
Tavatelefonidele making speeches and their adoption is the users of the market value at a lower price . 
if you do your products available to other people &apos;s platforms , seats in more customers and it will give you more opportunities . 
it &apos;s customers platform its lemmikreklaamide watching or to obtain additional information on the product . 
the astronauts will continue to previously planned works on the International Space Station , including scheduled for tomorrow by going to outer space . 
management made its decision almost five hours of the meeting . 
in the news was sent to the spaceship team by radio at 9 in the evening . 
scientists are says he is astonished that the news of the Milky Way passing through the red hiiul is keeriseline ‘ tail &apos; , that winds in space trillions kilometres . 
‘ Treehouse &apos; is the proposed a generational community , a place that is intended for both young and old people to care for . 
the human cooling system may be a leaky , but it is effective . 
groups will want their surroundings to make convenient place vanainimestele , who do not want to deal with their lives , the low aid . 
sometimes , if someone is not helping to and beloved person , more and more confused , it is easier just to go with the flow . 
the two greatest veebikonkurenti develop their plans to improve the health of the people . 
the federal bureau of investigation vaheisikute collects on information that could lead to excused criminal liability only slightly divorcing distsiplinaarvastutuseni , say of the parties involved . 
most importantly , the markets and companies can now be sure that föderaalreservide leader shall in time the right move . 
Beijing is crucial to realise that if the question is in the public security , is not secrecy never the right tactic and there is no point in trying to act alone . 
waterfalls and lagoons is so much more than just ujumiskohad . 
the new a disaster movie tells the London I got under the water . 
the last an enlightened greater disaster took place in 1953 and in this , more than 300 people . 
over time , the flood risk gradually becomes more tangible . 
on the one hand , the sea level rise due to climate change , but , on the other hand , feels London sinking effects and sink a few millimetres every year . 
in addition , the storm is caused by the tides due to climate change as likely if so predictable . 
in order to prevent the flood of central London suurveega and save new üleujutusväravate and — barriers ehitamiskulusid , should be allocated a little land , which would operate kaitseklapina and inland inundation should respect and to keep it up until the danger passes . 
how many of the people you are talking about the pictures that people make your country ? 
if you want to know more , what are the images on the land above , look at the pictures . 
this 14-year-old girl , do not see not only out as the South American model , but is also omavanuste among the brightest minds . 
when he was 3 years old , saw his mother that he set by the words cards not only lühikesteks fraasideks , the only sane grammatically korrektseteks lauseteks . 
if a girl was 6-aastaseks received , the way the mother he IQ-testi do . 
the family discussed his university transfer , but all were hesitant . 
when I met him in February , it had difficulties with others läbisaamisel . 
School has become more important than the discovery of defects in the talent development . 
there needs to be a new model of education , talented necessarily to understand that exuberant intellectual gift is endangered resource . 
Haridustegelased has long argued , what to do a very talented children . 
we tend to think that the very talented finally find their way . 
people often brooding , how to understand , if the child is talented . 
a very gifted children are almost always iseõppijad . 
these young people feel that the friendship is very difficult to maintain , because after school mostly socially isolated , they are much less experience in developing and maintaining social relations . 
she has found friends from the academy and university , where she this summer was passed algebra eelkursuse , thanks to which he can go to college algebrakursusele in the autumn . 
Põhikooliõpetajad seemed to me drillivate seersantidena and gümnaasiumiõpetajad were as lieutenants . 
we would like you to continue to sell their products , and to add to your name on the list of our without satisfied customers . 
we believe , however , that if you do not pay his partly owed the account , we cannot your purchase orders in future to meet , perhaps precisely at the moment , if you need our products at the most . 
as you know , we can large amounts of aid applications , but , unfortunately , we can approve only some of them . 
we want to continue working together with you . 
our decision does not mean , as we would have no interest in your project , but rather that the worth of all our resources is not enough to satisfy the applications . 
although we can &apos;t this time to grant your request , we recommend you try to one another in our series , which have similar characteristics and available the maintenance contracts . 
we regret that cannot be your programme to fund , but we wish you success in applying for money from other sources . 
thank you very much for your today received a request . 
I will send you our directory and the pricing list on the device , of which you have their , according to the interested . 
if you have any further questions , we are happy to them and we hope you will soon be heard again . 
unfortunately , I can see that , despite several from the reminder of the above you have not paid the bill . 
if you do not pay the bill within 14 days from the date of the above , I have no other choice than to give the matter in the hands of our lawyer . 
we would like to learn more about your offered prices and allahindlustest . 
we would like to make a decision on this matter , so that we ask you to answer as quickly as possible . 
how long it would take time all the departments of the service installation of the system ? 
first of all , let &apos;s test your system of our headquarters , and if it proves successful , extend that its other harudesse , but , of course , it would be necessary to competitive tender and maintenance and teenindusgarantiisid . 
we hope that this unforeseen incident did not cause you trouble or led you of the opinion that we wanted the payment delay and left to the unpaid bill at the right time . 
please would you send me more accurate information on their tubeless tyre , marketed workshops across the country ? 
it would be a great help , if you can send us some samples , and if they meet the required standard in our , give a big order . 
we will write you my Canada , on behalf of the Board of Directors , who are interested in the porcelain imports from England . 
we would like you once again to congratulate the grand prize — Weekly rest in England - for winning . 
I write to apologise for damage caused by your last Saturday poeaknale . 
I was quite quickly , because I was going to the hospital . 
last month bought the old double the bus that this mobile home to change and we can drive around in Europe this summer . 
I thought I was going to enjoy a quiet village life , but now I would like to be close to the more you that I could hear the traffic . 
you can menüüdes and kuval ( e.g. veebirakenduses ) for the movement of the use of noolenuppe or kerimisnuppu . 
Digitaaltehnoloogia led by the world is a reliable and accessible to the infrastructure required for each of the size of the company and by almost all areas , including the medicine , law firms , architects offices , kindlustusbürood , freelance and small jaemüügiletid — but also of branches of large companies . 
Fujitsu Siemens Computers is Europe &apos;s leading IT-pakkuja , which is a strategic attention to the next generation of mobile and dynamic IDC products , services and solutions . 
our offer , of which the platform and teenuseportfell is extremely comprehensive , extends pihuseadmetest and lauaarvutitest ettevõtte-klassi IT infrastruktuurilahendusteni and teenustepakkumisteni . 
Kandemärkmik fits particularly non-commercial travellers who need constant võrguühendust . 
the device some applications are using the Internet and its services to prevent the unauthorised use of the passwords and kasutajanimesid . 
please note that the device off or vallasrežiimi profile you does not prevent the use of a new wireless LAN animal . 
this conference will focus on the user vaatenurgale computers and software in the use of interpretation . 
all the wireless devices are sensitive disorders , which may affect the performance . 
Siderevolutsiooni are driven by technology and market forces . 
the demand for mobile phones and the Internet for access to have increased enormously . 
currently , 96 % of schools wired up , 67 % of which is fast broadband connections . 
over half of the population uses the Internet on a regular basis . 
in addition , schools and universities placing the emphasis on the libraries , museums and similar bodies lairibavõrkudega unification . 
antenna &apos;s physical device raadiosignaalide to send or receive . 
Symantec Mobile Security is mobiilseadmete turbelahendus , which combines anti-virus and tulemüürikaitse and is prepared to protect the device harmful content and malicious attacks . 
the application of a prototype really is . 
Sisuomanikud can be used for the protection of intellectual property in different types of digital rights management technologies , including the copyright . 
Võrgurežiimis working means working with the device which is connected via the Internet access kaugpostkastiga . 
you can Võrgurežiimis kaugpostkastis of files deleted , renamed or to create new of files . 
please note that all kaugpostkastis vallasrežiimis under the amendments shall enter into force next kaugpostkastis network creation and sünkroonimisel . 
if you delete device vallasrežiimis meilisõnumi , is deleted meilisõnum kaugpostkastis next to the mailbox in the creation of the Community . 
you will be able to save the memory device to delete the message . 
Meilisõnumite vallasrežiimis management can save ühenduskulusid and working conditions , which does not allow andmeühendust . 
if you work in conditions where one of the Community becomes unattainable , you can contact the change . 
you must choose the Community before the change of e-mail account and be võrgurežiimis . contact is amended but for that account . 
you will receive the documents , pictures and other files sent meilisõnumi manustena . 
except where meilisõnum shall be sent immediately , you can open the file Out and stop sending and restore or open meilisõnumi . 
if the message is displayed or erimärkidega words , may be used for the wrong reason märgistikus . 
you can make lihttekstivormingus meilisõnumi character set . 
HTML-vormingus meilisõnum uses märgistikuna always UTF-8-märgistikku . 
if the receiving meilisüsteem do not support HTML-i , the message is displayed vorminguta lihttekstina . 
some meiliserverid may not lugemisaruandeid support or is the user lugemisteatise sending switched off . 
every time at the opening of võrgurežiimi värskendatakse commissioned by the files . 
if the meilisõnum contains addresses are seen , meiliaadresse or telephone or GSM-numbreid , you can use them . 
for example , you will be able to choose an internet or telefoniaadressi and to press for the opening of a website käsunuppu , to send meilisõnumi or telephone number . 
if you answer administered files containing meilisõnumile , does not involve being taken of accessories or reinforcements in reply . 
if you send the adopted meilisõnumi forward , then the accessories are included . 
Meilisõnumid may contain viruses , or be on the device or computer otherwise harmful . 
do not open any manust , if you are not sure about the credibility of the sender . 
MMS-sõnum may contain the text , images , or sound or video . 
Autorikaitsepiirangud may prevent some pictures and other content , helinatoonide copying , modification , transmission or on the sending . 
you can bring through faxes faxes kaugpostkastist faksipollimise , if it is available online . 
Teenusesõnumid is , for example , the news headlines messages and may include text messages or on the link . 
Konfiguratsiooniteated contain different provisions ( e.g. the Internet pääsupunkti provisions , e-mail or MMS-sõnumite provisions , or sent by the service provider kõnepostkasti or sõnumikeskuse figures ) . 
if you &apos;re trying to save the provisions adopted by the already existing called , you can choose between the provisions of the provisions of the replacement and address translation . 
cookie &apos;s information ( e.g. website personal preferences ) containing a small file , which is recorded your apparatus . 
the buffer &apos;s mälukoht , used to temporarily store data . 
if you have tried to confidential , specialised passwords to access information or you have access to information received , clear the cache after each use . 
information or services , to which you have escaped , stored vahemälus . 
you can give rise to the provision , revised on and record the documents , which is designed to Microsoft Word version of the application for Windows 97 and revisions . 
you can change the nature of the document Fund and lõigutasemel : you can use different fonte , fondisuurusi and — laade . 
you can apply different pre-defined or user defined load . in order to make a certain tekstiosi separately or use tekstilaadi underlying the template . 
select appropriate vormingusuvand . for example , you can add to the format for the Paks , emphasis or Allakriipsutatud , to fund the size and colour and added the dots and äärised . 
the Objektides tekstidokumendid is not the links , but administered attachments which may document failimahtu substantially increased . 
Slaidiseansis displays presentation effects or animation . 
you can display slaidiseansid compatible andmeprojektori or other compatible projekteerimissüsteemiga . 
compatible andmeprojektoriga slaidiseansside display of you have to install andmeprojektori drivers . 
if drivers are installimata , is not menüüsuvandid visible . 
if , at the time of the presentation of switched slaidiseansi around the view of one of the other üldvaatesse from view , for example , does not appear presentation more välisseadmesse . 
in order to continue the screening slaidiseansi dataprojektoriga , turn slaidiseansi view in again . 
Tekstivälja for moving slaidile select text tabulatsiooniklahviga and press nooleklahvi left , right , up or down . 
for moving Tekstivälja smaller steps press control + nooleklahv left , right , up or down . 
the same can be moved other subjects , such as the pictures and automaatkujundeid . 
an item can increase / to reduce or to pay . 
Üldvaates displays of the presentation of the slide show tekstisisu , and this view is intended for shaping the content . 
view on the comments you can read presentation slides annexed to the observations and comments to yourself . 
note to activate tekstiväli tabulatsiooniklahviga and enter the text field . 
Slaidimall is slide , which determines the slide show all of the presentation of the text of certain characteristics . 
if you want to change your appearance , change the slide show slaidimalli , not every slide separately . 
the data card you can to protect the password to prevent unauthorised access . 
password may consist of up to eight characters . 
the password is stored in the device , and it does not have to enter again , until the memory card using the same apparatus . 
if the data card enter into another device , you asked for password . 
the password is tõstutundlik , so that you can make use of upper and lower case , as well as the figures . 
built-in video you will photograph and record sequences of video . 
the lens right there is located on the back of the appliance , and the phone screen works pildiotsijana . 
you can Pildibrauseris device or the memory card recorded pictures of , inter alia , to organise , delete and renamed . 
the images can be displayed pisipiltidena or failinimede list . 
picture turned 90 ° clockwise . 
software in the event of removal is again the installation of the necessary software originaalpakett or been removed tarkvarapaketist made a backup in full . 
Tarkvarapaketi removing it may be that you can no longer give rise to the provision of files created this software . 
if the removed tarkvarapaketist depends on a few other software package of work , it may be another tarkvarapakett stop working . 
the list is to see installed and removed software , and the installation or removal date . 
if after the software package arises in the work of the installation of the device disruption , you can this list using determine tarkvarapakett could be the cause of the problem . 
the information contained in the list may also help to identify the problems caused by mutually ühildumatute software packages . 
if the laadite veebibrauseri down by means of the software , it can help to reduce the necessary salvestusmahtu . 
if you wish to keep software package taaspaigaldamiseks , do not take that exit , or check in advance that you would be in the computer or on CD-ROM from a software package a copy of the file . 
if the tarkvarapakett contains the multilingual version of the software , choose this language version , which you wish to install . 
you can look and free capacity in data storage device and the memory chip of the different applications mälukasutust . 
he served three seats of the above aspect of my party and read the book , so that I could him thirty-five minutes to monitor . 
uncle Dick died when I was 15 . 
young lady was dressed in the fashion , because the 1867 blew in new winds : brink was krinoliini and big hats rebellion against . 
the girl stopped and looked at him . 
he was my hat off taken and held this in her hand . 
the poor girl had to endure the same accident that all children from the beginning of time - rusuvat self-perpetuating parental care for the dome over his head . 
therefore , he was unnecessary regime as an integral part of the annual visit the mother to see her sister to LYme ’ s . 
this afternoon , in your room puberty nööpis stepped up her dress shirt and alusseeliku in the mirror . 
Charles over time sit up , threw öömütsi head , let Sam windows wide open to postpone and remained hands on the basis of the room to stare voogavat väikesevalgust . 
Charles rose and stared out the window . 
he had wanted to be able to draw . 
however , Charles suspended the Sami hurt by the door , and aim at her habemeajamispintsliga . 
he took my kahemõttelist expression seebivahuga cover . 
Sam Welleri and Sam Farrow difference was that the first was its role of happiness , second , however , an accident . 
fishermen tõrvasid their boats , nõelusid networks , askeldasid krabi- and at homaaripottide . 
he was nailed rohmakaid hard soles , pally boots and purjeriidest leggings , which were shut above around the difficult kalevist Norfolk kalifeede . 
in the comfort and soovitatavuse contrary to may perhaps even be something admirable . 
the way in , koovitajad screamed . 
it was a beautiful piece ammoniidijälgedega blue limestone , exceptionally clean , full of mikrokosmoseid and makrokosmoseid , spiraalgalaktikaid spinning out a couple of stone centimetres . 
however , and he had wanted very help her . 
hunted a woman jumped off the cliff . 
he received no other students through well . 
they looked Sarah ’ le top-down ; and Sarah them from the bottom up . 
this is what happened , that he had read out a far more fiction and far more poems ( these two individual lohutajat ) if the majority of the man like him . 
she felt them the high ground , pity , an indication of stupidity . 
as in the case of radio in general , should not be working for no reason to come into contact with the device at the time of the antenna . 
net regime prevents the phone by mistake engagement , bluetooth , the use of texting or adoption and cut off all the network of setting of the regime currently work in connection to the Internet . 
should , however , be taken into account that the network regime does not prevent new WiFi-võrkudega ühendumist . 
the device to release mälumahu should be regularly emptied received and sent messages and to delete the files downloaded e-mails . 
the originals e-mails will only server . 
if you delete an email , it shall be deleted from the device once and for all , and the next time network ühendudes also e-mail server . 
Internet or the network service provider or your employer may also provide -posti server remote access service . 
