in my view , it was entirely inappropriate that the European Investment Bank will not shown as an EU institution to respect the procedures laid down in Parliament , but instead of political perifeeria attempted to influence the decision through . 
the new protocol , which the Commission will be presenting us now , both contains compared with very strict limits . 
finally , I call on the Commissioner to an increase in the de minimis aid in all tootmissektorites , despite the amount currently in place national ceilings , as requested by the European Parliament in its resolution of 17 September . 
in this context , the European earth monitoring programme may prove to be a new opportunity for the European Union , in order to promote the development of industrial strategy ( in particular in the space industry ) , to the benefit of the people , creating jobs and developing innovation , improve keskkonnauuringuid and people &apos;s security , and eventually to create synergies with other sectors , which can provide valuable opportunities for small and medium-sized enterprises . 
we all know the rise in the cost of the average and which has ruined elanikegrupid on low incomes . 
I also think that they should be continued until there is clear evidence of an improvement in the situation in Zimbabwe . 
Mr Monnet and Mr Schuman were very prudent men . 
this package is of crucial importance to Europe &apos;s future prosperity . 
we also want to start a dialogue with Russia on the quality of democracy in this country and , in particular , to address the problems that arose recently with regard to observing the elections and to discuss our and Russia &apos;s positions on this issue . 
but , thanks to the good cooperation between Parliament , the Commission and the Member States have finally reached an agreement . 
Mr President , Mr Portas really do not need to continue . 
this is the only way to take preventive measures and to help at the same time , the European Union to take the opportunities that raising the birth rate will remain within the framework of the policy . 
the scope for action , in turn , is legally limited . 
Mr Schulz should not try to persuade us that , but he is the guardian of a social Europe . 
the fishing sector is strategic for these regions , both in terms of the supply of fish to the people , providing employment and the fishing communities in terms of economic sustainability . 
I believe that each country &apos;s general effort to reduce emissions by 2020 should be to determine lähtekoguse emissions per capita , naturally , without prejudice to the transnational solidarity mechanisms . 
macro-financial assistance to Armenia ( 
the Commission has submitted a request for 201 leading to be authorised after the adoption of the term of office of their jobs in the Commission . 
of course , it is necessary to find a solution for Cyprus people themselves . 
the Congolese army has still not sufficient to perform its tasks the human , technical and financial resources . 
here there will be four questions : first , which has been raised during this debate , is of course of the management company passport ; I heard the Commissioner expressed its fear in connection with the preparation of a passport . 
quite a lot also on Cyprus . 
I supported the paragraph 32 , however , of the amendments tabled , which adopted the European transpordifondi concept . 
that concludes Question Time . 
firstly , taxation : today , each Member State has a veto maksuküsimuses , whether it be consolidated tax base , tax harmonisation or any other maksuküsimus , and it is also so after the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon . 
I think that you have tabled to cancel the good reputation arrangements in the event of serious infringements of the rules has major deny muscle , which , however , remains relevant . 
I am also pleased with the compromise on free legal aid . 
first of all , should the area of freedom , security and justice in constructing the first of the integration of the third pillar be as swift and large-scale as possible . 
in addition to these very pertinent remarks I would like to stress two points . 
donors and recipients of traceability and origin also merit special attention . 
the answers can , of course , be only one : the immediate ending of any negotiations with Turkey . 
I therefore call on the G20 labour and sotsiaalministreid to regular meetings . 
the proportion of intelligent transport systems in the field of road safety will also be discussed at the informal meeting of the Council of Transport Ministers at the end of April in my country Litoměřice in the city . 
we need independent institutions who work at European level and will be able to monitor and ensure that the Member States do not adhere to the principle of equal treatment , not only in theory , but also take concrete steps for the effective implementation of this directive . 
the mid-term review of the European Environment and Health Action Plan 2004-2010 ( 
it plays a vital role in the area of this sector by providing national and be detailed information . 
however , if we refuse to accept illegal , secret immigrants , then this is because of the related human trafficking and organised crime . 
I welcome the determination of the French Presidency , the Presidency has made every effort to reach an agreement . 
thirdly , may I make one very specific point . 
as a result of certain political nature keerukuste enforced in the Treaty , but it is a decisive text , because it contains - I personally see this voters volitusena - the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union . 
Nigeria is not the central problem , that not only are Christians killed in January this year , because instead were killed Muslims died . 
that is all I can say to you now , but perhaps at a later date , when the debate begins on the Eastern Partnership , I can also to go into detail . 
in this case , loss of luggage and passenger transport operators would be responsible for damaging analoogsetel under conditions that are currently regulated by teenusepakkumist other modes of transport . 
now the Commission and the Presidency Guinea on Wednesday drives a joint delegation . 
I do not believe that this is not only the responsibility of the Commission , it is also the Members &apos; work to ensure that the relevant associations , trade unions , workers and the involvement of small and medium-sized enterprises in this debate so at an early stage as possible . 
the European Parliament will support him in this difficult task . 
for these reasons , I am keen to see that we adopt a resolution which Parliament is clearly against missile defence system . 
such information is given , albeit belatedly , but I do not think that this is still not enough . 
the problem , which was discussed in committee , was mainly the following : both the 1976 valimisakt if the Treaty of Lisbon will also require that Members of the European Parliament would choose different peoples citizens directly . 
these are supported the functioning of the financial market , contributed to improving finantseerimistingimuste flow to the real economy , and has allowed krediidil better if it had been can only be achieved through the interest rate cuts . 
Mr Barroso mentioned the signing of the Nabucco agreement was also the result of the work of the Czech Presidency . 
so what can we actually do ? 
we have appointed a counter-terrorism activities coordinating people and then , without a clear justification , found that we can do without this person funktsioonideta . 
nevertheless , I will pass on your colleague responsible for social policy , the concern that this issue could be thoroughly investigated . 
however , we have already said that the next step sets strict criteria . 
as regards the external dimension of culture in our external relations - culture - then I think that we have a duty to give this dimension . 
however , let us call a spade a spade , today , used violence on the streets of Egypt Mubarak &apos;s troops , not the demonstrators . 
Lithuania &apos;s place is going through difficult times , since the financial and economic crisis has been a huge drop in demand and in a recession , Lithuania is home to very difficult for citizens to buy or to build a loan . 
as I have already said , we have particularly waste or hazardous waste in relation to ensure that the Convention on waste shipments is fully in line with the implementation of Regulation ( EC ) No 1013 / 2006 , adopted on relatively recently . 
this call to some elements are reflected in now , in this joint motion for a resolution . 
also , the humanitarian side - and this is also an answer to your question , Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou , many consignments will now finally also have to Gaza . 
we can prove it ! 
this is why we must move forward with the negotiations to ensure that the accession of Turkey , as the country plays an important role as a mediator between Israel and the Palestinian conflict , and with Iraq and Iran as a platform for the creation of a consensus . 
this is not only one more haridusvõimalus many young people in the EU , but will allow them to become acquainted with the other omavanustega personally , that they feel European as fully-fledged citizens who have all their identity , but who is united in its diversity . 
at the same time , it is good to see that it has exposed the members of these groups of the European Parliament , which is the Treaty of Lisbon kirunud . 
SMEs must be able to act quickly and unhindered . 
its greatest virtue is that question from the point of view of farmers is being addressed . 
Mr President , if I may , I will take the floor on istungikorra . 
for example , obliges the directive on airport charges airports before taking decisions to consult with the airlines . 
we live in a common Union , however , and we have a common monetary policy and the single currency . 
as the events of the last few weeks have shown , continue to Pakistan is a breeding ground for terrorism and extremism . 
whether communications policy is a separate or cofinanced policy ? 
finally , if the limit value must apply to genetically planned plants , which will produce raviaineid ? 
an analysis of the ways to legal and illegal immigration in the wake of the Committee on Civil Liberties drew the Commission &apos;s attention to the fact that an ageing society and the demands of the labour market require a coherent and integrated immigration policy . 
the second issue , which I would like to mention concerns us , the European Union . 
this budget provides Member States with an ideal opportunity to find the markets both within Europe and outside . 
it is an excellent idea and I have only pleased about this . 
we are pleased that we can today in this House response from the European Commission . 
by means of rescue packages were able to stop the downward spiral but short period of time . 
my third and final point is that there is budgetary policies , more leading role played a much more prominent than monetary policy . 
the report aims to respond to the recent Commission Green Paper on European contract law , and to set out the Parliament &apos;s priorities in this area . 
to conclude , I should like to emphasise that we need a new form of fisheries agreements and it will include the human rights clause . 
( RO ) It is the EU and US data protection agreement very happy about this . we must definitely support that , in the name of combating terrorism and crime cooperation to make it more effective . 
the values defended the Principality of their kirdepoolsel periphery of Western civilisation . 
the European Union should work towards this goal . 
as many of you know , was John Bowis ill recently in Brussels and he was taken to hospital . 
economic governance should be strengthened , along with the strengthening of the democratic legitimacy of the decisions . 
in my opinion , the German should now to take the lead and to move towards a common European treasury . 
the Hungarian Presidency , the Council held by a very narrow majority skilfully negotiations . 
on behalf of the PPE Group . - ( HU ) In addition to international and more effective implementation of the anti-discrimination laws in the Member States , as we have just heard from Commissioner Reding , must put particular emphasis on Roma inclusion in Córdoba , because their integration into the labour market and education is the Member States &apos; economic key interest . 
negative effects on economic growth and employment is sufficiently serious and affect the Member States today the achievement of the Lisbon objectives . 
however , in order for the European Union strategy on the rights of the child is more effective and workable jointly in all 27 Member States , it should , in particular , to see the implementing rules which are upheld , in addition to the launch of the Member States of the European Union funds . 
personally , I am here at midnight . 
for example , Article 43 ( 1 ) of the Treaty of Lisbon , the European Union is provided for in the tasks of the armed forces . 
these instruments , which is not the last three years , been used to fall under the programme . 
we must therefore help them to establish the conditions for development , which would lead to new capacities and create new ways to improve the standard of living . 
the EU must give a firm and effective impact on the United Nations system and extended to stick to finding a common position ; the EU must also increase flexibility with regard to non-essential issues , in order to enable quicker and more effective response in the discussions on the most important issues . 
- Ladies and gentlemen , because we have a bit of time , I will be able to give the floor to sõnasoovijale some of the list . 
appointment of a Member of the Court of Auditors ( Gijs de Vries , the Netherlands ) ( 
among these is the European Youth Guarantee initiative and the Fifty-plus employment pact initiative . 
all of this is dictated by the Italian Government &apos;s late and ebaveenvast actions , who unfortunately only after the terrible perpetrated by EU citizens cases has realised that Italy is in crisis . 
therefore , I do not plan to do this , and I will simply say that this is an example of how citizens in other countries once again we are trying to make it easier for the work and residence . 
we must listen to their concerns , and to respond to them . 
I would also that at least part of these appropriations are used for the technical measures that will help to reduce the application procedure , because it is in many cases assistance for too long . 
this is not the direction in which we should move , and that it is therefore necessary to think about these issues at national level and in the first instance , to establish a system that allows farmers and food producers to survive and people to buy high-quality and wholesome food at reasonable prices . 
sympathy expressed in the resolution to the suffering of the Palestinian population is feigned , because the EU and the United States of America is part of the problem . 
of these , I am pleased to mention of organ donation and transplantation plan relating to cross-border healthcare and patients &apos; rights for the work that has been done . 
as far as I know , is one of the main tasks of the Members of the European Parliament &apos;s control over the executive power . 
at the same time , if young people are fighting against the military and the police ihust and soul , we are confining ourselves to our diplomatic nootide . 
whether you are able to support the nurseries ? 
several of you , especially in the European Union , the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats have asked me about the methodology to be implemented in this context , as Mrs Wortmann-Kool just now . 
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , I would like to thank everyone for their remarks and make two brief statement . 
finally , I believe that we must ensure that this aid is more effective . 
we represent billion people and , if we reach an agreement , we can have an influence on the world development in a positive way . 
there is a general debate , where we are all in agreement , and it is the current immediate challenge to be addressed . 
to ensure compliance with RFMO measures can the influence of illegal , unreported and unregulated ( IUU ) fishing vessels exchange of fisheries . 
lastly , I am very pleased that one of the most important were elected to play the role of a woman , and not only to gender equality , but also thanks to his excellent eluloole . 
the new agreement should confirm that there is a balance between their fundamental rights , but there must also be reciprocity , proportionality and the minimum level of data protection . 
we prefer a military solution clearly here , instead of a diplomatic solution negotiated solution . 
the level of development aid , the EU has already Somalia &apos;s main donor of aid , pointing to the medium and long-term aid jaluleseadmisel peaceful and self-sufficiency in society . 
last but not least : since 20 % of our emissions come is due to transport , then we need to move in the direction of short jaotuskanalite , especially in agriculture , which will lead to both in our own countries , but also in developing countries , the creation of jobs and our reduced emissions . 
it is , after all , the resources . 
I hope that this experience will also make you and a number of other in the Czech Republic . 
first of all , I would like to ask the administrative burden for small and medium-sized businesses . 
with regard to what my colleague , Mrs De Vits spoke about , it means the General Motors Group , I would like to ask the Commission whether it will take precautionary measures in case of possible collapse of the parent company . 
unusual in order to resolve the situation there was a need for exceptional measures . 
unanimity is a system enabling few to impose on all its opinion . 
the Community method is message . 
I am therefore of the opinion that we need tehnoloogiarevolutsiooni , and the upcoming summit should put us on the right path . 
if you are able to rely on their süüdistuses dating from the earliest years of the latest information , then I really would like to examine the specific details that your assertion reject . 
the debate is closed . 
ladies de Blanco have been imprisoned opposition activists mothers and women . 
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( PL ) Mr President , I , too , would like to extend a warm welcome to the Commissioner , and I believe that we are working together and are working well together . 
we are not so well prepared for disasters and Japan , and we have no practically even kodanikukaitsepoliitika cross-border problems , such as , in the event of a nuclear accident . 
their turnover could increase if we create the Community patent , in favour of small enterprises , thereby denying the violation of intellectual property created in favour of cheap counterfeit goods . 
on the basis of the amended proposal the sum of EUR 146 million available should be directed towards projects , which is the economic recovery a rapid , measurable and the real impact . 
these reports are therefore very appropriate , because they can we create policy in this area in this extremely important matter . 
so let us governance . 
farmers should therefore not be afraid of these restrictions , as it requires the processing industry to be located to places where the animals are reared . 
I believe that the Commission must take the necessary steps in order to adapt the rail infrastructure in such a way that it would provide pan-European services and , at the same time , create a complete missing links , replacing the old arrangement on the rail infrastructure or renewing this and helping the Member States to alleviate various rööpavahedest problems and providing the necessary financial assistance . 
( applause ) 
war , self-employed workers and small farmers , of the bourgeois governments and of the EU &apos;s strategic decision to support the profitability of capital . 
it creates a basis for a new environmentally friendly agreement , which makes the European Union &apos;s competitiveness at international level . 
the green products and services market should to double by 2020 . it creates a huge opportunities &apos; green &apos; jobs . 
as the European Council meeting held in March expressed support for this approach , the European Commission has been actively involved in the work of the International Monetary Fund and the OECD in defining best practices . 
I would ask you to explain in more detail how the Commission is given the Member States the opportunity to comment on the budget in the future projects , before their national parliaments can do this . 
this regulation establishes a Community legal framework to inform the Commission of oil , gas , electricity and biofuels on investment projects in energy infrastructures and the geological storage of carbon dioxide in the projects in the energy sector . 
the next item is the Commission statement on mudakatastroofi in Hungary . 
they said that enhanced cooperation , which currently covers 25 out of 27 Member States , may be used to killustamiseks the single market . 
( PL ) Excuse me ! 
currently there is already a number of positive examples , and they should be made more visible . 
the Arab world changes provoked sotsiopoliitiline base is no different to that of these countries , who is now a transitional phase , which we hope väljakasvavat democratic environment . 
a lack of proportionality contravened . each war , and every fatalities is too much , and it is not possible to balance the figures with another one party . 
it is therefore on certain issues , the Treaty of Lisbon has led to the obligation to cooperate with the parliaments of the Member States . 
however , this information is certainly not reached the ordinary eurooplaseni , who have the impression that the Greek dominated throughout the spring meeting . 
today we had a visit from the Hungarian Prime Minister , who has taken over the office of President of the Council , and I now ask the Hungarian Presidency to continue the good work that was started at a time when the Belgian Presidency . 
let me give just one example for data collection , which will affect my colleagues probably the most . 
moreover , the question arises as to the effectiveness of the funds . 
in addition , the European Union must pay greater attention to the situation of our trading partners in the area of human rights . 
I have visited Romania and other eastern European countries and there was much phenomenon familiar with me . 
in writing . - I believe that despite the uncertain local situation in Egypt , the European Parliament is right to continue with the approval of this agreement , which should make life easier for companies , without political comments on the current government in Egypt . 
it already has the maximum mandate and it can mini-treaty approved . 
the far-reaching effects of the ratings is unavoidable that , in the area of activity must be intensively to intervene . 
for these reasons , deserve our praise all approaches , which will deal with this urgent economic and strategic issue . 
it deals with student mobility , but its added value is that it provides education that meets the needs of the labour market and to ensure that the necessary skills and knowledge . 
the number of job vacancies is the largest number of indicators and it is used in the European Union in the labour market and in the euro area valdavate conditions within the framework of the action plan for the evaluation of the Economic and Monetary Union 
with regard to the intervention of the International Monetary Fund when there are different views and if debates over the should continue , then are rising interest rates automatically . 
Prime Minister , as you said , we are even after the Spanish Presidency to maintain the same a very strong stance on the Community method . 
as a result , in one country more people than today of hunger in the world . 
I would like to express my firm belief that the debate that started here must be brought to the regions , as usual . 
it is deplorable that we have in Europe - the devaluation of the currency markets - or intervention globalisation compels us now . 
our Ombudsman has done its job in the investigation and prosecution of complaints in an active and balanced manner . 
I would like the Commission to consider that the sine IRA studio and to consider whether this is indeed sensible . 
it is also clear that working in hospitals doctors and nurses on-call time must be treated on the basis of the workers &apos; valvekordadest at home , which actually mean simply willingness commitment . 
we must promote the farmer profession and standards at European level , which farmers must abide by . 
the proportion of youth unemployment is 24 % in France , in Italy 39 % and 25 % in Spain . 
in my opinion , stems from this küünilisest behaviour of some countries who wish to pursue often in poor African this dirty business , while we welcome and agree on keeping the Olympic Games in China . 
I think that the cofinancing of vaccination programmes should continue in the coming years , given their effectiveness and new much simpler legislative framework , which we are debating today . 
the truth of the matter , which makes us the country back to the construction of the best people , is that , as part of the fight against this I was the first to be guided by the known dissident , &apos; : the words of Jesus Christ . love our enemies ! &apos; 
the report on corporate governance in financial institutions , sets out a series of measures for financial institutions to implement the leading enterprises . 
Mr Gargani , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs will present an oral report on this issue . 
the aim of the strategy for the Baltic Sea region is the creation of new institutions . 
producers are all in one kontaktipunktis vormistuslikud issues to resolve , which will give them considerable savings . 
composition of Parliament : see Minutes 
in writing . - ( LT ) I welcome this resolution and I wholeheartedly endorse all the points that have been made . 
the interim agreements still does not cover all the ACP countries in the region . 
1 . 
the representatives of civil society will be able to deal with these social issues , which are now represented in the European Parliament groups cannot or do not want to raise . 
in my country , Estonia , is a shining example of successful transition pension scheme . 
it is important that the treatment is obtained in a Member State other than kindlustajaliikmesriik , proven to be based on an objective and , if necessary , to avoid excessive costs koormamist national healthcare systems , which obviously reduces their effectiveness . 
these are not my words , according to the UNFPA . 
I know that this is difficult to keep part of the world market , without , however , we will get nowhere . 
you are surely aware that , in the last 20 years , there has been an increasing number of animals used for scientific purposes - despite the fact that the number of scientific publications biomeditsiiniliste research area is every two years has doubled . 
( RO ) Mr President , I think it is regrettable that there is no official statistics on rural areas and of agritourism and that the only information available are based on estimates . 
I was delighted to hear that and to be welcomed . 
you clearly indicated that you are prepared to change it , and I hope that you will go in this direction . 
the EU financial support for the International Fund for Ireland ( 2007-2010 ) ( 
( PL ) Mr President , the common organisation of the milk and milk products is an important issue both the Member States and the European Union as a whole . 
this having been rejected by the majority , we voted against the final draft regulation . 
the Green Paper on consumer protection , although not all these questions , but they are covered in this report . 
it is unacceptable that countries such as China use raw materials as a political weapon . 
in addition , the project provides a good basis for the establishment of an integrated julgeolekuvõrgustiku , which would ensure protection against cyber attacks . 
we are not prepared to face the issue of who suffer the most - disabled people , gay or the elderly . 
in resolving the problems relating to Georgia , we must not forget that 20 % of the territory of Georgia , is still occupied in . 
therefore , the question is whether we allow the body scanners or not . 
in the 2007 Green Paper &apos; Towards a new culture for urban mobility &apos; defined so further possible measures at Community level in order to promote the broad areas of more environmentally-friendly and the safest towns and cities , and a smarter and ligipääsetavamat urban transport . 
the European Union should strive to achieve through the legal framework for the sake of clarity and efficiency . 
at the same time , we understand the complexity of this huge country and I would like to express my deep condolences to the numerous victims of terrorist attacks that has struck India . 
over 60 % of farmers are under 18-aastased and it is for this reason that I want that , in addition to the necessary conditions for the survival of the basic closer attention to be paid to the education and health care . 
everyone involved has made huge efforts to prevent kokkuleppemenetlusse sending this text . 
this is no longer not only the right but also the duty to take action and to negotiate , as well as to condemn and to impose sanctions , if each of the parties is threatening the peace . 
by Member States on the mutual recognition of authentic acts applied solutions to the problem has meant that , at the moment , the mobility of these documents is complicated and that the transfer of the number of documents and species has limits . 
( applause ) 
that is why I am pleased to present this asylum in the drafting of the action plan , which has been involved in a number of public organisations and which lays down a code of conduct for years to come in order to develop a common European asylum system . 
therefore , I think that we must be reasonable and balanced in this matter , and I certainly would like a review of the implementation of this proposal for a four-year period , together with full veondusharu consultations in the meantime . 
a very large part of your text has been included in the report , and I believe that it is a shame that you now distance yourself from it . 
( RO ) Mr President , the increase in the number and severity of natural disasters more difficult for the consequences of the change in the European Union is currently facing one of the biggest problems . 
today &apos;s decision coincides with the International Convention on climate change in Poznań , in Poland . 
author . - ( CS ) Mr President , the macro-regional strategies are , above all , political instrument that represents one of the possible form of regional cooperation . 
the protection of women , particularly during pregnancy and then , when they are bringing up children , must be a requirement , so that children can immediately life from the outset to exercise our fundamental rights . 
not only does not have a serious incidents in the national economy , the environment and the wellbeing of the disastrous impact . 
now the Commission is forcing the Orbán government skandaalseid laws to change . 
this agreement can take an even greater market share of the US multinationals , which already control more than 80 % of the world &apos;s banaanikaubandusest - even though the Commission agrees that he tried jahutada behind this interest in this agreement . 
Mr President , we found that it would not be fair to mention only one of the parties involved , so we would like eemaldad reference to the Kosovo authorities . 
Russia is the future of Europe &apos;s future and this has to be developed with persistence , without without complacency and in spite of the many difficulties currently facing . 
Sudan and the International Criminal Court ( vote ) 
action taken on Parliament &apos;s positions and resolutions : see Minutes 
I would like to reiterate the words of the depth of the discussion with Valérie Letardi and interesting content . 
it would be necessary for the EU to review its policy and reform of this . 
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the debate on the Services Directive in the European Parliament sent an unprecedented public political debate . 
the Commission &apos;s proposal , which provides that the big brother , should be shared seasonal fruits , giving priority to the fruit that children can discover the diversity of different flavours , is absolutely ridiculous . 
today , and tomorrow , the European Parliament expresses its solidarity with the people of Tibet . 
I would like to mention to you that the draft directive contains sissenõuete major aspects linked to improvements : exchange of information between authorities , requirements submission and feedback from the European Commission , which requires the constantly increasing number of cases between kajastuva for monitoring activities . 
I hope that the Union is capable of responding to this important task efficiently . 
excuse me if it seems at this time the fact unimportant . 
the other very important cases ( and here I would like to thank Commissioner McCreevy , who is here today ) had Valencia urban development , a law that Mr McCreevy and his team acted effectively to protect riigihankedirektiivi . 
the workers are fighting for ühistranspordiettevõtete who serve their needs quality green services . 
we have just adopted Mr Lehtinen report . 
Vice-President of the Commission . - I cannot answer on Greece , because there is no details informed . 
( RO ) The Commission &apos;s initiative to extend the principle of equal treatment in other areas of social life through comprehensive directive outside the labour market , which prohibits discrimination on the grounds of disability , age , religion or belief , and sexual orientation , is , in principle , requires once and for all to anti-discrimination legislation package . 
increasing public awareness of the importance of prevention and a healthy lifestyle , will it ultimately be possible to reduce the cost of healthcare , because prevention is cheaper than their treatment . 
the package itself is a good thing , there is no doubt about that . 
I believe that we must react very strongly any aggression against Taiwan . 
first of all , I would like to thank the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs , for this report which includes areas such as climate change , the alleviation of poverty and the general development . 
we are therefore the Europe 2020 strategy should be the basis for the future financial perspective . 
I agree with many of the speakers who have referred to the need to stress the important role of local partners and the involvement of civil society . 
it must be very clear . 
the Ombudsman was not available until October 2010 information . 
however , here in Parliament is represented , who remained relatively few countries from one form of totalitarianism or other last century untouched . 
in second place came from Ireland and the third Bulgaria project . 
that is why the Commission is increasing its assistance in important areas such as rural development , agriculture , the development of the basic services , education and health . 
the proposal also provides for that fathers can take two weeks paid leave . so they can directly with respect to the next time , together with my wife . 
I am thinking of the issue of human rights in Europe and , in particular , the role of the Council of Europe . 
I could go on , but then we would be for a long time here . 
this is not a good translation , because people think that this means &apos; united &apos; . 
Europe must continue to do everything it can to respond to the current challenges , and I believe that we have reason to be confident . 
in this regard , the Commission &apos;s proposal are not defined clearly situations which require the diminishing or suspension of agricultural subsidies . 
the European Asylum Support Office is intended to provide the Member States with expert assistance and contribute to a consistent and high-quality common European asylum application . 
the vote will take place shortly . 
this is not only a burden upon a tremendous opportunity , which we must , on the basis of their vision , a vision of further develop . 
this is the lowest point in human being his existence . 
we have the established practice . 
I would like to say to all those who constantly claim that the European budget is under serious threat : European spending certainly should be monitored more consistently than the Member States &apos; spending . 
in doing so , we give producers more precisely the opportunity to understand what they are buying . 
the real issue is that their aircraft whether Airbus continues to the development and production in the euro area or not . 
this is all about the first question . 
must apply flexible hours , to develop services , which in support of women and giving them freedom of choice and the opportunity for personal development . 
I would ask the Commission to take the necessary measures to ensure that Community law is always take precedence over . 
so Parliament &apos;s Legal Service and the European Data Protection Supervisor has referred to the threats , where an external service provider is not circumstantial diplomatic protection area . 
five years ago the failure of one of the two candidates , this year . 
I myself live in a country with a population of 500 000 people . 
however , the Commission must still carry out clear a study on the impact on what is probably the liberalisation of the postal services employment . 
and , if you will allow me to give a fisheries , then the fact that we have the outermost regions in the Indian Ocean , such as La Réunion , is an example of how we can say directly to the already existing regional fisheries organisations and in what we are trying to develop this for the maritime area . 
but we do not have any intention to let them without us from this excellent tradition . 
the ordinary EU citizen who do not use directly air services , there is nothing to do with this tegevusalaga . 
Vice-President Almunia will present to you in June 2010 report on competition policy . 
however , what we want to do is to increase awareness ; it needs to give people the information on their pensions , therefore , we also need monitoring . 
the Presidency was pleased with the solution that has been found regarding this issue , and I would like to read out an appropriate statement of the Hungarian Presidency , which is supported by the following presidencies Poland , Denmark and Cyprus . 
since the tax policy issues , the common rules do not apply to a tax competition tenders and its own low rates offers problems . 
in my view , this is a very comprehensive proposal , which involves a number of aspects , so as to ensure that the safety of road infrastructure is taken into account in all stages of life : planeeringust design and becomes operational . 
all the EU Member States signed the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child on an unprecedented scale , but in many respects the rights of the child in Europe , we have hardly ground kraapinud . 
I fully support the trend veetõhusa and -säästliku economy and , of course , the full implementation of the Water Framework Directive , the drafting of which I am a few years ago , when I was the rapporteur was involved in my former colleague Marilies Flemming from Austria . 
this applies to all on the 2009 budget , which is EUR 133,8 billion for commitment appropriations and payment appropriations of EUR 116,1 billion . the budget is not so very high . 
it should be noted that it is , of course , klanne and suguharusid that this practice continue , and this is a sensitive issue , but he really wanted development and I believe that this is important . 
this is confirmed by the validity of their mandates . 
as a result of all of this , we must take action to limit the appalling such activities . 
the European Parliament at that time was very active and alert . 
for us , it is also a lasting monitoring the start of the next five years , with which to maintain political interest and to exert pressure on the Member States to implement the directive . 
I demand that the Commission does not conclude - if it is his intention - the Italian a similar ELi-Liibüa agreement , because we have seen what are the consequences of such a despicable agreement . 
we need to be careful , because if we start ringleva one after the approval of the information in order to carry out inspections and analyses , we will lose the speed . health issues , which is at stake between life and death is speed , however , the most important thing . 
could the Commission outline its position in relation to the aforementioned and this aspect of similar projects across the EU ? 
I would like to share the sentiments of my fellow Members who had the opportunity today to congratulate the Irish people for this , so that they gave a clear signal of their decision at a political level , opting for continuing the European process of integration . 
the EU &apos;s external actions does not currently exist a coherent , coordinated EU strategy on culture , and it must be developed . 
the European Commission often says to the Member States that they must be able to control public finances quickly . 
the vote will take place on Tuesday , 24 March 2009 . 
the Commission wants to be ready , tomorrow , the draft directive on cross-border healthcare . 
· Investments in new technologies , the industry creates problems , however , with the help of new technologies will be to overcome them . 
the Congress of Estonia - Estonia temporary , democratic Parliament - adopted a declaration of 11 March 1990 on the recovery of statehood after 50 years of Soviet occupation . 
in the Dutch press reports published on body scanners have caused great frustration . 
it is far too premature to draw any conclusions about the necessary changes . 
if at the moment , for every person over 65 , four people of working age in 2050 this figure will fall by half . 
stronger to face global challenges . 
we do not agree with this approach , as well as the report a range of other issues , such as the creation of a European coastguard , which follows the desire of the federalist approach : ignores the sovereignty of the Member States and their territorial waters and exclusive economic zones related to the management of rights . 
growth demonstration , which remains firmly below inflation , serves to Parliament the necessary legitimacy in the eyes of European citizens . 
I am also in favour of the idea that supervision should be kvartaliaruandeid . 
however , we must also make sure that we act in accordance with the results of the stress tests . 
this subject is dealing with Commissioner Barnier . 
for the fishing communities is currently in the midst of a difficult period characterised by the reduction in fish stocks . 
it also calls on the Lithuanian Government not to do more on the legislative changes and to include among the causes of sexual orientation protected . 
I support this report which proposes to implement a new global political approach against gender-based violence , which includes the following : the creation of this instrument kriminaalõigusliku directive against gender violence ; their officials training , who is likely to encounter cases of violence against women ; requirements for the Member States to show due diligence and to register and to investigate crimes of all forms of gender violence ; requirements to ensure financial support to non-governmental organisations , which will support the victims of gender violence . 
- ( CS ) I shall speak as someone who supports Turkey to become a full member of the European Union , not as a substitute or some kind of preferred partner , and I want to criticise a little ourselves . 
- After the vote : 
also applies to democracy in the EU , and we are taking place where democratic debates . 
but we should not , however , to make any mistakes . 
there are two important points that the European Parliament must support the fundamental and what all the political groups . 
Sri Lanka and , of course , must submit to obtain preferential statement . 
I welcome the work done by Mr Simpson and , as he said he is unanimous support in the committee and several bottom of it is here now . 
at this time , instead of increased protectionism and increasing poverty , it is particularly important that we maintain open trade and some of the world &apos;s poorest countries . 
( EL ) Mr President , the negotiations in Poznań and Copenhagen , which year after taking place must be successful . 
this kind of taxation five currently affects approximately 18 000 farmer who lose their from revenues generated from 5.3 % . 
I hope that you will be able to give me the straightforward answer to this question . 
furthermore , I would like to stress the close relationship between as disadvantaged situation , and children from early childhood education between opportunities , because low income families use of early childhood education and care services likely to be much less . 
I am particularly pleased that , after three years ago , in the previous parliamentary term , I tabled here in this Chamber on the report on a new animal health strategy , which was based on the principle that prevention is better than cure . 
in response to what actions does the Council intend to do and how such a situation arise at all ? 
I would emphasise this , because it must be clear that our entire preparatory work for the strategic framework , which have just referred to , is not worth nothing if we do not offer real eye visible results in this region , which will become an important strategy action plan , which was also during the preparatory works . 
I would like to thank the President and the Members who submitted questions to the Commission . 
( FI ) Mr President , eight years after the set target , we can safely say that the EU will not achieve this aim . 
I voted in favour of the resolution on the European Union and I would like to take juhtust and to reaffirm the need to adopt the directive on freedom of information . 
however , we are of the opinion that the capacity of our armed forces and security must not undermine in any way . 
in order to help them to reintegrate into the labour market , to be allocated from Denmark EUR 7 521 359 . 
we all agree on the objective , but we must have the opportunity to discuss the necessary in order to achieve the objective of the methods , and if anyone is deliberating methods and wants to familiarise itself with them in detail , this does not necessarily mean that this person wants that everything should be done behind closed doors . 
but we must have the courage to admit that political Islam , totalitarian Islam - not only of the Islamic world or some of those countries , but also the terrorist organisations such as Al Qaeda and related movements - continues to claim too many victims throughout the world . 
the development of e-commerce is an essential precondition for high-speed broadband internet access . 
in writing . - ( LT ) I am very pleased that the European Parliament launched the debate to alleviate the situation of women in precarious employment . 
I am sorry that the debate is , to some extent , become bogged down keelekonflikti and I hope - and this is also expressed in the European Parliament - that the Member States , who , at this stage , still do not wish to participate in , will be able to join at any time . 
Europe is an important financial support provided to the Ottawa Convention in recent years . 
but the Justice and Home Affairs Ministers of the Jewish cemetery in the presence of graves tseremoniaalsel mined and its solidarity by the Portuguese advertising in the media are the lessons from other cases in Portugal and elsewhere . 
the Netherlands gives to its railways EUR 15 cents and the United Kingdom 4 euro cents . 
therefore , I would invite Members to accept the compromise proposal No 11 , which is in favour of Commissioner Michel mentioned a moment ago , the result of the trialogue to be taken against it entirely and not give in to the temptation to make the changes which upset the balance achieved . 
I can only agree with this , and to stress that this reform should start things ümbermõtlemisega juuretasandilt , development policy , upwards . 
NATO &apos;s role is mentioned in several speeches . 
that is why this regulation strong signal a genuine European transport and infrastructure policy . 
the way the execution of the death penalty is particularly dire . 
this is the task facing us in the coming weeks . 
however , not of them at the authorities or suitably processed largely undoubtedly properly : only 33 % of the collection and treatment of waste electrical and electronic equipment reporting , in accordance with the requirements of the directive . 
finally , I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs , with whom we have had excellent cooperation , and my colleagues in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , who this report was adopted by a large majority . 
several people have mentioned Poland and England and their exceptions . 
but we need a simpler , arusaadavamaid and more transparent structures and better controls on the Cohesion Fund , in order to ensure the efficient and effective use of money . 
one of these problems of dependency in the world can give the European Union the opportunity to play a leading role in the global financial architecture , in order to bring clarity and social responsibility and predictability aspect . 
the need for the European Union to have effective reageerimissuutlikkus the means to become ever more frequent cope in a world of major disasters , it was this that led me to vote for this report . 
one example of this is the greater flexibility with regard to the eligibility criteria laid down in Article 7 . 
these were the European public much more attention than the meeting itself . 
we need to show that we have learnt nothing from all of these crises and we will be taking a new direction . 
what is needed in this area is a comprehensive protection . 
evidently , the European Union could not escape nearly äriplaanile , although - as we know all the press - requires the Opel aid of EUR 2.7 billion . 
that is why the Treaty lisatigi right of the citizens &apos; initiative and now enables the citizens to directly approach the European Commission and the European Union to call on the Commission to submit a legislative proposal . 
I particularly welcome , Mr Barroso , the second principle : justice and the Member States of the recognition of their different starting points and investment opportunities . 
we are also in cooperation with all its partners in the Temporary Committee on Haiti Recovery good experiences , and this will certainly help to accelerate the process . 
at the same time , are registered in the European Union more and more new infections and the number of infections could be much greater . 
the majority of these enterprises would not be higher costs for the sustainable . 
that is why we need to help teadusringkondadel to speed up its work and offer a credible political forecasts as quickly as possible . 
ideally should be any restrictions on our rights to better protection for sellevõrra terrorist attacks . 
I am pleased that today is on the table , which includes a proposal for a resolution . 
it will not succeed if unity is not your own country . 
in the area of the law of the European Union should not be room for that kind of positions - these are our tradition , which is the European Christian tradition , and the way they are an expression of the principle of purustamise women &apos;s rights . 
there are significant differences between the compared to what has happened in Libya , where the dialogue was replaced by the military aggression , which has made the peaceful resolution of conflict completely impossible . 
the Germans identified problem , they spoke to us , and take the necessary measures . 
the second problem is projektijärgne , which does not include an assessment of certain issues , including environmental impact analysis , and some side effects are occurring later . 
things being 12 countries , including the United Kingdom . 
none of the people who come to Malta or Lampedusa is not organised boat themselves . 
visa-free travel is very inimsõbralik . 
in the case of both countries are subject to a special koostöömehhanismi , which should not be too difficult . 
we need to support them and help . 
and we will continue these negotiations and fight , so that he can be sure of us . 
- ( CS ) - Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the crisis in the dairy sector , shows that the entire European quotas based on regulatory system is flawed and ineffective . 
it paves the way for further action at international and at global level . 
it matters not how many obstacles in the way of the building or what measures we take , between the countries of Europe need an overall strategy and solidarity . 
2 . 
the first proposal is a good starting point . 
developments in the region of Central Asia , with the exception of the Kyrgyz Republic are causing concern more than one reason . 
the future of the European Social Fund should also play an important part of the whole of the European Union and should not only focus on specific regions . 
I welcome , on behalf of Parliament , the UN representative . 
however , I would like to highlight the social aspect of this legislation , in particular , as regards disabled blind or partially sighted people &apos;s rights and their right to benefit from free postiteenustest . 
China is one of the few Burma dictators allies . 
a short time ago spoke at length about the üritustest in Brussels . 
Mr President , concerning the conflict of interests , I would like you to clarify to me whether , in the next three piimaalase should vote on the report by dairy farmers are among us declare voting and conflict of interests stand aside ? 
I believe that we need to take a close look at whether it really is the case , because what we need is greater transparency . 
however , these requirements should not be excessive , because they may have a negative impact on the situation of people who have arrived in the legally in the European Union and who is in possession of a valid work permit . 
we are now taking that the leading role in the field of energy transition and the new economy . 
all the Commission &apos;s proposed and the measures adopted by the aim has always been to put an end to the isolation of the Turkish Cypriot community , in order to facilitate the reunification of Cyprus in line with the Council conclusions of April 2004 . 
these relations can be of much benefit to us , but they are also easy to harm . 
time has shown that the European institutions operate , particularly could see this in the case of the Ecofin meeting yesterday , and also in relation to the coordinated reduction in interest rates today . 
now begun negotiations must be completed during the term of the present Parliament . 
in writing . - ( IT ) I would like to congratulate Mr Cancian on his excellent work , thanks to which we were able to reach a satisfactory and well balanced compromise . 
we have discussed this and the coordinators of the political groups , and they supported this amendment , which is in line with the general content of the proposal . 
through these negotiations became much more balanced outcome , which meant that , in the end , I voted in favour of the resolution . 
the vote will soon . 
I would like to see an open , flexible and vabakaubanduslikku globalisation , which would also be reforming , comprehensive and sustainable . 
people expect that the Commission has the EU Treaties require tasks entrusted to him : to be equal to the European Union , its ideas generaator juhtimapanev forces . 
as I said , having agreed on a joint strategy , the action plan and specific jätkumehhanismides discussed , such important and the cooperation issues such as climate change , integration , energy and immigration , the summit represents a clear step forward , our relationship with Africa küpsemist . 
there are , however , two questions which gives me great concern . 
Käsitöösektor offers opportunities for creating jobs and a unique of knowledge can help to maintain the competitiveness of the European system . 
the European agricultural potential thus worsening . 
Seitsmeteistkümne per cent of accidents are due to not wearing seatbelts and around 4 % have a red fooritule irregularities . 
this is a problem on which we could here and discuss further today . 
ladies and gentlemen , I would like to join those who have thanked Mrs Paliadeli on her excellent work . 
we should not give cause for erroneous hopes or väärarusaamadele . 
however , the report gives the Member States the opportunity to take them on the directive at the appropriate time , in order to prevent any problems that may bring to the simplification of the rules . 
in fact , it is sailing vaateulatusest out hulpides wandering nowhere in the end . 
all this , not to mention the fact that the scope of application relates to larger sectors of our lives very important areas . 
this is completely contrary to the basic aim of this proposal . 
in the next year , there were a number of undocumented procedures , which we were only indirectly aware of , and then , in 1997 , introduced tervishoiuasjade liiduminister suddenly and without manufacturer , without consulting seadmele müügikeelu . 
corrigendum ( Rule 204a ) : see Minutes 
we did this first , therefore , that you will take advantage of this politically exploited in order to increase further the Europe of Brussels , its institutions and numerous agencies powers , which nevertheless continue to show their ineffectiveness . 
the PPE Group does not agree with the allow Parliament to become a place where only national political scores klaaritakse witnessed , we can also be tomorrow , if this debate is taking place . 
I submit a written declaration on this subject . 
regulation ( EC ) No 1592 / 2002 on common rules in the field of civil aviation and establishing the European Aviation Safety Agency , to be adopted , it was agreed that the best and the achievement of a single ohutustasandi can only be achieved through expanding the scope of this text , and extending the powers of the European Aviation Safety Agency , therefore , pilots litsentsidele lennundustegevusele of third countries and the safety of the airlines : it is a recasting of Regulation ( EC ) No 1592 / 2002 change objective . 
here there are clear advantages for patients , especially those suffering from rare and complex diseases , since they can get for patients in specialised disease investments . 
it took part in the programme for the east and the West . 
we are making a priority areas concerning young people , education , mobility , training , research , competitiveness and innovation . 
in writing . - Olime agree with the proposal that the existing rules in relation to the import of meat and meat products , live animals should remain in force until they are replaced by the measures which will be adopted in the new regulatory framework . 
this year , on 1 May was not international workers to commemorate the day , because the European Union has 23 million unemployed . 
nevertheless , 10 Member States , where tootekujundus is not protected today , spare parts cost 7 % higher than the rest of the 17 . 
6 . 
I heard today how people talked about capitalist barbarism . 
Parliament &apos;s delegations trips different countries , in different parts of the world must be linked to the technical committees in Parliament . 
the conclusion needs to be one that the quota system has not been able to guarantee market stability . 
of course , this is the case . 
( EL ) Mr President , the next Council meeting will be faced with an important issue - the issue of enlargement . 
Member of the Commission . - ( CS ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission is concerned about young people is high in the Member States , which töötusemäära after the end of the year 2007 was 12.7 % , or approximately twice the overall unemployment rate . 
in writing . - ( PT ) I voted for the report on the new 2011 Draft Budget , because it strengthens the European Parliament areas designated as priorities . such areas are education , innovation , competitiveness and cohesion for growth and employment and to ensure the protection and management of natural resources . 
the report by Mr Goerens , on behalf of the Committee on Development , on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1905 / 2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation - C7-0079 / 2010 - . 
too little attention has been paid to stability and to maintaining adequate margins production level , in order to reduce the impact of climate change or in the level of production as a consequence of other factors . 
in writing . - I would like to compliment and congratulate the Greek green of my colleague Mr Tremopoulost that its adoption today of his report on transparency in regional policy and its funding . 
the initiative is successful only if it is easy to implement and if it is accessible to all . 
however , some questions remained unresolved after the closure of European airspace and a new context , they need to be addressed . 
previous pabervahendid replaces all kalandusahela lülides ( i.e. püügipäevik , lossimisdeklaratsioonid and müügiteatised , except in the case of vessels with a length of under 10 metres . 
the report calls on Member States to review the measures designed to ensure an adequate income , because in order to combat poverty you have to create decent , sustainable jobs . 
( PL ) Madam President , in Russia applicable standards are completely different from those which are used in the European Union . 
the dispute is not yet over , as we all know . 
I do not think that the Black Sea , sent warships was an appropriate answer , because some of them were equipped with rockets . 
the tone of the report is obviously dikteeriv and koostööettepanekud is almost entirely by the EU conditions , with the EU &apos;s interests to the fore . 
to this end , it is necessary but a little political courage . for that , we have the opportunity and the means . 
if this amendment is rejected , then it should be in addition to the original text . 
it would be much better to send this back to committee and that in the new mandate would be full and well thought-out report . 
I would say also Mr Wurtz : employment and growth , which will have a direct impact on the real economy , is under threat from the crisis . 
we must take into account that this cooperation are facing serious challenges in the global sustainability in areas such as poverty , climate change , biodiversity , HIV / AIDS , infectious diseases , energy , clean water - the list seems endless . 
we wish that the factory to take real far-reaching reforms in order to become successful operation , which will be able to compete in the EU and the world on their own laevaehitusturgudel . 
I am very pleased with your support for the European koolipiimaprogrammi extending the financing and funding of other products . 
with regard to countries that have been mentioned , I am satisfied with the inclusion of the eelsätete , although I must point out that these may not be sufficient , and in this case it is necessary to take further measures . 
it does not create any confidence in me , although I am convinced , on the one hand , like you , Mr President-in-Office , that we must continue to involve Russia , but I do not think that we should do face , as if nothing had happened - I am sure that you do not do it also - and to continue their normal way . 
preventive measures , I think it is crucial , especially in terms of climate change , and I hope that we can convince themselves of all is that it is a reality , not just a slogan . 
with regard to Amendments 81 and 12 : 
at the same time , the EU should not deal with foreign policy , and that is why we voted against this resolution . 
in the meantime , however , is earmarked for this sector only 1 % of the EU budget , but it is not enough to cope with the challenges facing Europe . 
the European Union needs a new Solidarity Fund now more than ever . 
in the case of the Philippines is humanitaarmõõde , but it also has a clear political dimension , and both of these are fundamental if we want failed peace negotiations to make progress . 
why not Hezbollah still included on the EU list of terrorist organisations ? 
it is true that this process initiated by the European Council meeting in Nice Mr Chirac , by accepting the link , for the first time in France , Germany , against the spirit of the agreements . 
the main is , of course , that we should be able to export their products to these countries . 
having been the whole Approval Directive the rapporteur , I know how hard it requires . 
I also agree with the need to make a number of improvements to the auditing and budget management , in order to reduce the level of carryovers and abolition , which is still high . 
these persons must be to ensure a fair and public trial in accordance with international standards . 
the own-initiative report aims to work 15 million made available by 2015 and a website made available to everyone and in all the languages of the European Union . 
I wish you much success in your work . 
I sincerely hope that this agreement will help to strengthen relations between the EU and Moldova , which was the objective of the agreement and , in particular , at strengthening the European Neighbourhood Policy &apos; human dimension &apos; , in other words , closer to the people that we all learned to know each other more and better , because this is , without doubt , what will strengthen the European spirit and understanding . 
as you have just said , drive you round in Sweden and a great deal in Europe . 
if we seriously consider a thorough reform of the CAP , then any reform agenda must be at the forefront of the ending of set-aside payment . 
he was arrested for , he was forbidden to teach , she was sent to re-education töölaagrisse and now he is in prison for the use of their freedom of expression and the Chinese authorities appoint Liu Xiaobo criminalisation , while the rest of the world recognises him in his statement for the activities of peace . 
the Commission is ready to support implementation process , including rahastamisküsimustes . 
this is not the first time in history , when the law must cope with difficult task . 
it is therefore necessary to adapt the Maastricht criteria to the current climate and the economic situation , which is characterised by larger cyclical movements . 
the 2012 EU budget should , in particular , to boost growth and high-quality employment , and contribute to the implementation of the Europe 2020 Strategy . 
the regions are implemented more than a third of the EU &apos;s of public investment and the use of Structural Funds focuses more and more growth and employment objectives . 
1. the extra costs incurred for extra rights will translate into permanently higher ticket costs across the board for all passengers ; 
Russia all the issues relating to go on what relations we want this neighbour , which types of naaberlust we want to build a type of dialogue , which we want to how we can to encourage Russia to honour its commitments and to assume its responsibility and how can we him to direct attitude , which would be more in line with international law . 
realistically , it will not be possible before the start of the 2009 / 2010 school year . 
in addition , the ECB is feasible active and flexible monetary policy , liquid funds increasing süstete credit institutions , has played an important role in European banks afloat . 
we are sure that the Commission will be able to implement its new powers , which the Council and Parliament to him . 
there is still much to do , and our problems are very many different reasons . 
we explained , together with Commissioner Špidla , who is responsible in the employment and social areas that these judgments are not questioning the fundamental rights such as the right to strike , the right of trade union activity , and some of the differences between our countries &apos; mechanisms of labour relations . 
also , an agreement has been reached to give developing countries over the next three years funds EUR 7.2 billion . 
this compromise package has been several of these risks , and I hope that this leads to a better tarbimiskeskkonna throughout the European Union . 
another threat to Wales may be a renationalisation of resources from the Structural Funds , which means that Britain &apos;s right to benefits may be underestimated . 
today Europe has a single dream : to develop a vision , or rather tulevikuenergiaid both in Europe and outside the borders of Europe ; vision plays a key role in renewable energies to the middle of this century , helping to avoid conflicts existing oil and gas reserves , to mitigate climate change and to ensure access to energy for billions of people who are excluded . 
in view of the rise in oil prices and the increase in the damage to the environment , we know that the EU must now strive for more sustainable society , becoming more energy efficient , using more renewable energy , by investing in public transport and ensuring that our children live in a clean and in the whole of the environment . 
it is unacceptable that the invasion of Hungary , Romania military occupation and the plundering of the country are interpreted in 1918 November factor for stabilisation in the region , which is organised here in Brussels , in the heart of Europe , under the auspices of the Members of the European Parliament . 
subject : action by the Commission to create an environment which encourages enterprises to invest in research , and encourages banks to finance these investments 
although the regulation is necessary in some sectors , personally I prefer to transparency and the obligation to inform . 
we can now to some extent the institutional issues left behind and to focus on the substantive policy issues , of which European citizens - because they are , of course , European citizens , for whom we all are fighting - is worried . 
in writing . - the EU has many funds , which has been made available to both citizens and other entities . 
when can we expect the introduction of standard , which sets out the maximum permitted for toys müratasemed ? 
firstly , the report recognises the importance of the Water Framework Directive . 
in recent days we have begun to understand better what the PPE-DE means . 
it is clear that our influence outside the European Union and its Member States the stress test will depend on whether we can jointly to organise this in Europe . 
one example is the women in those third countries where divorce is not recognised , but who live in the EU and are seeking divorce or legal separation . 
it is clear that particularly closer to a few years we cannot rely on similar efforts from those who have to reduce our high industrial base , as it is in the Union and in the developing countries . 
passengers are the victims of the current situation and if they do not offer an alternative solution , then they should not bear the financial costs . 
it is certainly meenutamatagi clear that , in the context of the various mixed flows may lead to the posting of immigration liaison officers to third countries from the point of view of the fundamental rights of a number of problems that are linked to the country , including , in particular , the right of people to leave their country , and the right of asylum seekers to flee only and persecution protection . 
I would like to ask all colleagues and present members of the Council and Parliament to adopt measures to provide immediate assistance for Lebanon . 
as you know , the Lisbon Treaty referendum campaign in Ireland is in full swing and we hope that on 2 October will be a positive outcome . 
for example , how can we be satisfied with the position that , encourage legal immigration is mainly the European Blue Card , in other words , basically European immigrants through the use of this work permit would reduce the level of illegal immigration ? 
development aid budget is not intended for such cooperation , but some Members wish to use the legal basis , which would have us just development aid budget to finance these actions , although this is exactly what we are trying to avoid this report . 
I understand that Europe must take a critical look at its current economic and financial stability plans that to move forward together on a stronger , more closely intertwined economy , which will make use of their potential suurvõimuna the world economy . 
in recent years is often the result of deregulation of the workplace such that compulsory social security working conditions that will be replaced by atypical and insecure . 
I am afraid that the result is not an orderly . 
this should significantly accelerate the introduction of practical vesinikuelementide in particular , but hydrogen should not be widely used as a &apos; traditional systems &apos; , in other words sisepõlemismootorites , because in my opinion , this is not make sense . 
now it is the national governments to examine their eelarvevõimalusi that such a change to be adopted and approved . 
this is not the Commissioner to do , but they must be treated equally their customers . 
nevertheless , I am afraid that the radical change that some within the framework of this review , will allow just another missed opportunity for our fisheries and fish stocks . 
the European Parliament has adopted on 19 January opposed to EU legislation on patients &apos; rights in cross-border healthcare . 
perhaps it is right to consider steps , as a result of which muututi jäävatest specific countries dependent on outside Europe . 
the directives on settlement finality and financial market work well and they have broad support . 
the development of human and sensible immigration policy is extremely important for society in the next few years , but this can only be done at EU level in order to avoid the impact of the elections and the sudden knee-jerk reactions . 
the debate is closed . 
in recent times , has certainly been more severity of natural disasters . 
landfills are the source of many toxic substances and biological heitveepuhastusseadmed cannot prügilatest from clean up the rubbish , because the toxic bacteria can also . 
finally , we should also make it possible to resolve bilateral and mainly of the Nord Stream project a political problem , taking into account all the legitimate interests of the countries around the Baltic Sea , and certainly not before the Russian Government will join the Espoo Convention . 
the European economy on joint steps to coordinate a consensus is emerging and most of these steps are entirely in line with the proposals made by our communication on 12 May . 
I would like to close by answering Mr Howitt . 
although progress has been made in the entire in adopting the Community acquis and public authorities in providing reliable structures and good practice , but , nevertheless , the aim is not yet far from being reached . 
certainly in Pakistan to feel the consequences of this . 
we also call on the Commission to promote the EU defensive interests and , above all , the EU &apos;s high quality agricultural and toidutoodete competitive advantage and ensure enhanced protection for geographical indications of our partners in bilateral trade agreements , but also through the framework of ACTA and the WHO . 
I would also like to thank my colleagues in the Committee on Regional Development from the Commission that they supported the amendments tabled on the basis of the opinion of the Commission , of which I am a member . 
I believe that , thanks to the right to education and the constant training are capable of many European young people find themselves well-paid jobs that meets their vocational training or retraining . 
whether the Commission is sure that the recent public consultation on &apos; Reforming the Budget , Changing Europe &apos; reflects the majority of European citizens &apos; opinion ? &apos; the hundreds of votes &apos; the &apos; one message &apos; actually reflects the whole of the European Union &apos;s opinion ? 
2 . 
the European City Guide is one of the main sources of complaints that I have sent to 10 years in this House . 
in a globalised world requires the European continued success , so that we can effectively tackle all three issues . 
we do not know what will happen from now until 2020 , and I therefore support this report . 
first of all , I would like to express , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment regrets that the Swedish Presidency has decided to adopt a recommendation without waiting for Parliament &apos;s report . 
I would like to say the following . 
the policy of the EU to punish Belarus and Belarusians their government for actions will not achieve the intended results . 
if the European Fisheries Fund is not used very much , then it needs to review and reform . 
the Serbian authorities must do everything we can to ensure that observance of the country and the principles of democracy , the rule of law properly and to monitor that corruption is reduced in Serbia constantly and my position of being abused by the people to be punished harshly . 
in my view , we should closely monitor what is happening in Belarus , because this matter concerns the whole of Europe . 
however , I am pleased to note that all the parties concerned must that it is right and necessary to guarantee the traceability of medicines and technical solutions do exist . 
first of all , I was in Washington and New York , which was the right step in our important relations with the United States and the United Nations . 
Madam Commissioner , I believe we are in agreement on this . 
for this reason , it is now a problem of green . 
there was no need to compel us to tell the truth . 
Mr President , we have just learned that Umaru Yar &apos;Adua is dead . 
it has enabled the working people and organisations on the ground to address the problems and issues which communities at local level are facing . 
at the same time , do not share the view presented the Commission report in the current rules on jurisdiction in the framework decision , because it would have restrictive impact , given the new offences . 
Europe is our homes . 
it has been proved that it is possible , and this has been the case . 
because mobility is a topic which often spoken about , it would have been a good idea to pass on the message to them much shorter than 250 kilometre journeys of . 
although it is given to understand that the proposed legal framework has the aim of simplifying the establishment of these infrastructures , experience has shown that , in general , will be the most to benefit from the more developed countries . 
the current the Swedish Presidency has begun the considerable work to ensure that the EU &apos;s maritime policy pillars of unity , and to ensure the link between Community action and , in particular , in the framework of the second pillar of the European Defence Agency between the work that has been done . 
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , it is rightly notes that the aim of this proposal is to create a Community-wide framework . 
it is important that this democratic following the impetus given by the results of the referendum , the talks would as transparent as possible , in order to provide a solid basis both for the further development of a new state , but also for relations between the two countries and the international community . 
the draft directive , which will be presented to the European Parliament for debate in the near future , must lay down strict punitive measures at European level , every person who is linked to this kind of trade . 
( DA ) Mr President , violence against women is a problem which exists throughout the world and , of course , need to take a position on this issue - both individual and political position . 
these are sufficient to create the preconditions for the region turukomponentide . 
by this I mean the mistakes made by Germany , who refused to aid and the Commission has sought to resolve the crisis . 
you Germans have postponed back to the minimum wage . 
in this respect , the Commission is closely following the 2010 budgetary targets by the Greek authorities on 3 March 2010 in order to achieve the proclaimed and in the Greek Parliament adopted on 5 March 2010 additional using fiscal measures implemented . 
one example of this is the Romanian Hungarians , whom I represent . 
but I would not be surprised about something , because you are prepared to push for the Constitution without asking anyone , you . 
( PL ) Mr President , and the protection of biodiversity is a priority for the European Commission , should not at all to discuss the issue of cloning . 
this is not simply eetikaküsimuse , but a political strategy . 
I believe that it will be a great success . 
here we have two very good report , which will allow us to deepen the debate at this critical moment for the euro area . 
some of us , for women and men , the quota system is a necessary tool in our opinion and therefore need to highlight that the European Union should follow the example of Norway , who apply measures to increase the number of women national on corporate boards of at least 40 % , and uses the rules , in order to establish a quota of women on boards of private companies would be to 40 % . 
imagine what it would be possible to spend concerning developing countries , hospitals doctors and teachers . 
at the moment we call on Russia to honour the commitments which it has taken on in the Council of Europe , the UN and the OSCE in the context of free and fair elections and good cooperation ODIHR , in order to ensure appropriate monitoring . 
I would therefore like to ask the Commission : the challenge of the resources of the Solidarity Fund must be increased and to give more resources and EU aid must also focus on climate issues . 
the European Parliament has today adopted a resolution on trade relations between the European Union and Japan . 
in Bosnia and Herzegovina 2010 is an election year . 
in view of the fundamental importance of the CAP and the governments of the European Union for citizens , I would argue that it should be possible for the implementation of the existing rules and simple and clear . 
( for the results and other details on the vote : see Minutes ) 
the Commission made more ambitious , but equally a realistic proposal to set the emissions limit objective of 135 g / km . 
however , now , if the Turkish security forces arrested in occupied Cyprus four members of the European Parliament and the European Union , which represents the bishops õigeusklikke Christians , no obviously them . 
we do not understand how this question will give rise to doubts and discussions in the Council , and the Union &apos;s competence to question , if the agreement is expressly declared that it is an area which is also the responsibility of the EU . 
in my opinion , the situation is not too late to bring a revolution , but to do so we must - you , Mr President , and the new European Commission - immediately take the bull by the horns . 
( ES ) First of all , I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs on their excellent reports , but I am going to focus mainly on Mrs Lefrançois &apos;s report . 
show me , where it is the citizens &apos; money actually have saved , not gone them once more to pay ! 
this sector must be promoted , since it contributes to the development and productivity . 
it is important to discuss the possibility of financing infrastructure projects , for example , with the help of European bonds , as well as a possible solution with regard to a European carbon tax so that we can go on sustainable production in Europe . 
( applause ) 
thank you for your attention . 
we must demand that populous Member States which produce a very small part of our energy using renewable energy sources , should remove this difference . 
the vote will take place today at 12 noon . 
in the case of key concepts there is consensus , which for years has been developed in many of the meetings . 
Member of the Commission . - ( FR ) Madam President , rapporteur , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to welcome the work of this Parliament with regard to the proposal to amend the European Training Foundation asutavat regulation , in particular , I would like to thank the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs and its rapporteur , Mr Lehideux . 
the Swedish prosecutor published tagaotsimiskuulutuse Julian Assange , the Swedish legal system , in the Schengen system and Interpolis were issued , and on the basis of the European Arrest Warrant . 
in writing . - ( PL ) Liikmesriikides sweeping on the EHEC outbreak in the context of the debate , I would like to draw attention to the fact that the EU and non-EU countries as a result of the decisions made by the borders have been closed . its aim is to protect the market from the influx of vegetables from countries where the supposed varjul source . 
because we have set up in order to support the European Union finally our shared values - democracy , peace and freedom - it is our duty to intervene . 
I hope that accession negotiations will begin in the near future and that the European Council is to confirm , within the framework of the March summit that agrees with the Commission recommendation to begin negotiations . 
on behalf of the ECR Group . - Mr President , may I start by saying that the Commissioner today not convinced by what has been said , I fully . 
however , this should be to apply the rules on the functioning of the single market and cross-border trade , not only with regard to the issues relating to the economies of the Member States . 
however , I must say the same breath , Mr Kallas , that I would be much happier if he had already taken steps to ensure that the European Commission complies with the rules of the Financial Regulation , which entered into force on 1 January 2007 , in particular for the appointment of the beneficiaries of the various Community funds . 
consumer organisations are doing a lot of work , particularly vulnerable energy consumers in the interests of consumers . 
I will finish now , Mr President , by saying that the moderate nature and temperament but , moderation is always round of human rights and fundamental freedoms , particularly freedom of expression in the defence is always evil , always weakness and always cowardly . as representatives of the people of the European Union , we cannot allow ourselves to behave in this way . 
although the health and safety of the framework for the Community directives on gender approach is neutral , it is not sufficient reason to work-related risks to the health and safety of women underestimated and neglected compared to men of threats to health and safety , which prevents and are being investigated . 
the European Union &apos;s policy is characterised by two key elements : firstly , deeply rooted inequalities , caused by capitalist arengumeetodi feature , and secondly , that the Community financial resources are not distributed grassroots needs , but these are being given to businesses and infrastructures , in order to increase public and private capital gains the monopoly groups , through our partnerships . 
it is in the middle of a fierce battle . 
we have been able to join in the report as very important social-democrat issues . 
we know that we can go to the other you , you , which lead to the solidarity and justice and society , which is aimed at all our citizens . 
the EU &apos;s response against such a danger should not be limited to ex post facto intervention programmes but to start much earlier when dealing with such materials , their proper storage , limited access and controls . 
as was mentioned , the regulation is implemented more than 30 years and its provisions be amended in accordance with Member States &apos; seadustikele quite often . 
I think that the horizontal instrument includes many useful references to the modernisation of the Community acquis . 
the EU must reduce its current dependency on the Gulf countries . 
it is the Commission , who is more important than conventional worker protection of the interests of the internal market . 
1 % ! 
sanctions , which do not affect the country &apos;s citizens , but its leaders . 
I would like to point out that there was a serious risk that this directive , this goes kokkuleppemenetlusse pakk documents . 
when voting , may occasionally be by show of hands , and only from time to time that either because Members hand does not raise or because there is confusion , then the President of the evaluation of the results of the vote is a mistake . 
the agreement does not acknowledge other ethnic groups . 
I will take a position at first reading , taking over the Commission proposal . 
finally , as regards foreign policy , we do not agree that apply to European doctrine naabruspoliitikana in countries where paragraph 2 of the association agreements are not met . 
( NL ) Madam President , it is telling the fact that there is the Enterprise and Industry Commissioner , but not the Competition Commissioner . 
the situation seems quite lootustäratav , but we certainly cannot win confrontation business or particularly technology matter : it must be avoided , as it could be very dangerous . 
this requires innovative financial instruments progressive governance and to the economy . 
I heard today it was said that the ageing of the population , combined with climate change is one of the major challenges of the 21st century . 
the approved text calls for the recommendations of the Goldstone report and responsibility for violations of international law , including imputed war crimes . 
we are very concerned because of the state of emergency has been seriously jeopardised by the democratic institutions and the reconstruction of a more comprehensive strengthening of the democratic process . 
the proposed amendment will allow for closer cooperation between Frontex and immigration liaison officers &apos; network , which in turn will improve the exchange of information through a safe online IT-platvormi and ensure that the Council and Parliament are properly informed of their networks . 
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of the new amendments to this regulation , given that up to now is the freedom of movement for third-country nationals holding long-stay visas constraints problems . 
a specific European response to the crisis for the outermost regions ... 
firstly , I am pleased that Minister for Foreign Affairs , Carl Bildt has highlighted the Albertini resolution is the most important message , namely that the EU is firm &apos;s decision to continue the enlargement policy and the EU &apos;s specific regards it as one of the most successful endeavour . 
the EU must monitor this very carefully . 
our group also supports your efforts to launch a new phase of the Lisbon strategy effectively , and to ensure a successful Europe , fair and environmentally friendly future and the competitiveness of our economy , in order to take advantage of the opportunities arising from globalisation . 
we cannot expect that viisataotlejad would bear the financial burden of additional requirements of the EU . 
Mr President , what Mr Rack has just come out , is an interesting idea . 
if we do not want the public in the European project , we need more alienate their willingness to listen to and carry it out . 
on the eve of the elections in Burma , I believe that we can achieve something only if we are coordinating our actions of the larger countries - China , India , the United States and Russia . 
it is very important to combat protectionism ; at the same time , it is important to ensure that we support our industries , so that they are able to compete in future and trading . 
on behalf of the UEN Group . - ( GA ) Mr President , I would like to say that I warmly welcome this report , which , in my opinion , the rapporteur has achieved at sea fishing on discards practical and comprehensive approach . 
the report contains information and analysis of the effectiveness of cohesion policy . 
we believe that this is one of the more successful aspects of EU policy , provided that this is happening to fulfilling the strict criteria and that it is also bear in mind the lessons learnt from the latest accessions . 
in Libya is often carrying out capital punishment . 
we must therefore in practice to implement measures which will help women to enter the labour market or stay there and improve the conditions of family life , especially those that will facilitate the finding of the work-life balance . 
if the EU wants to be a global leader in the areas in question , it has the necessary resources to do so . 
we are also , as several Members have mentioned , the club , which do not take our membership but the greatest and most developed countries , but welcomes all those who are ready and willing to accept EU rules . 
the European Union &apos;s patients must know how they can to prevent falsified medicines . 
what mechanisms must ensure that statement is seriously before if an asylum seeker is sent back ? 
but , Mr President , there was at least one way of resolving this dispute , and this was the vote . 
the Dublin system has proven to be a mechanism in practice , which promotes the EU &apos;s overall pagulastevastast policy . 
all who want pluralism and political competition , should ensure that the Council of Europe and valimisnõudeid laid down in the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) is following a long period of time at the earliest possible stage elections . 
incidentally , this facility was my predecessor idea . 
I understand - we all understand - that if GNI is falling , the contributions , but it should not be first of all to reduce the percentage of GNI and then , in turn , due to the reduction in the gross national income of the lowering of contributions . 
the long-term costs are soaring and there is still much to do research . 
do you know ? 
the ongoing in the calculation of on-call time as working , but also the hooldustöötajate fire-fighters , other valvekordadega professionals and all European citizens &apos; health and safety . 
both MEPs and their assistants must be linked to the realities of the country of origin . 
Canada , Japan and its allies were spent but , before that , to negotiate to win friends and to find the necessary votes in order to achieve the desired result here to increase its influence . 
the decision to conclude the Fundamental Rights Agency and the Council of Europe on cooperation between the agreement , together with the creation of this agency and the proclamation of this Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union &apos;s efforts to consolidate its activities and role as a promoter of human rights both within and outside the EU . 
specific and practical form of the strategy is also affecting enormously the action plan being drawn up for achieving a low carbon economy by 2050 , which is due to be published at the beginning of next year . 
we have prohibited the natural right to contribute toward them how they should be governed , as far as possible , and we have ignored the fact that they should receive a referendum . 
I applaud the work done by the rapporteur and his is surely removed the many concerns , which we could be , but I do wonder why we it is needed at all . 
I consider it necessary that devising a comprehensive plans package , which will encourage and stimulate young Roma intellectuals to return to the community and work within the framework of the community and the community . 
do you too have the impression left ? 
my political organisation has always supported the need to establish the world kapitalivoole tax , for example , the so-called &apos; Tobin tax . 
this Article establishes the Council of Ministers also similar resources and foundations . 
( HU ) Mr President , Commissioner , the most important point is the cohesion policy budget for the financial year 2008 . 
there will therefore be no on Wednesday , 16 February at 11.00 more after additional proposals or amendments . 
I share the view of the Spanish Presidency : we are here to examine a strategy that is contained in the document presented by the Commission and Europe 2020 has become the Council discharge . this puts the industrial policy and enterprise policy at the heart of the crisis exit strategy in the coming years , and creates prosperity and development is promoted in our society . 
it shall ensure the Union &apos;s external representation , with the exception of the common foreign and security policy , and other cases provided for in the treaties . 
however , you have said that the situation in Bosnia has stabilised . 
given that many public and private partnerships and , in particular , the joint technology initiatives ( JTIs ) , the source of the European Community for research , technological development and demonstration activities within the framework of the Seventh Framework Programme , and they manage independently of a significant part of the EU budget of EUR 470 million ( such as the use of hydrogen käsitlevateks research ) , I would like to know the following : 
firstly , they must not ebavõrdelisi cause difficulties for small businesses . 
the Committee on Employment wants to extend these rights so that they cover equal working and rest time , at the same time , clarifying the rights of workers to sotsiaalkindlustushüvitisi and tax incentives . 
we are completely opposed to the EU &apos;s intention to facilitate the accumulated in the region of prosperity , natural resources and biodiversity in favour of the acquisition of multinationals , which leads to the exploitation of workers , increase unemployment , destroys the lives of millions of small farmers , ruins the environment , prevents progress and denies the rights of peoples and independence . 
the two issues , now we have addressed the question put to Commissioner Šemeta , which was , in fact , intended to Commissioner De Gucht . 
I hope that these principles kokkutulev also supports the European Council in December . 
the draft recommendation to the Council on the conclusion of a protocol setting out the Fisheries Partnership Agreement with the Union of the Comoros foreseen kalapüügikvoodid and the financial contribution ) is intended to describe it , what role should be Treaty review procedure of the European Parliament . 
most of these areas is live landscapes , which has been developed as a result of many years of inimsekkumise . 
I , too , believe that the University of Lapland in Rovaniemi , is the best place for the Arctic Information Centre . 
the first , which is linked to the issue of competences . 
the Czech citizens increasingly often complain that - both for me personally , as well as the representatives of the regional and local authorities Czech-German border region - the German police harasses them when they cross the Czech-German border , whether private or in groups . 
we have many viable businesses which krediidikriisita teeninuks good profit . 
now the language used in many documents is very often difficult to understand , and the ordinary citizen arusaadamatu . 
however , since I will not be able to prevent the citizens of the EU and the use of exotic tropical timber , it is important that these agreements will be adopted . 
in writing . - ( PT ) Commissioner Reding has submitted a request for the debate on this issue in the House not to use the European institutions to resolve issues that should be resolved at national level , as our is provided for in the treaties . 
it is unfortunately Afghanistan both the opportunities and other health . 
it would be very useful for the debate to take place now , but we do not want the resolution , because this would be whether hastily put together or would be too late . 
by the way , Commissioner , I am sorry to hear this and I assume that for the first time that the Budapest kaabeltelevisioonipaketid has abandoned ingliskeelsest Euronewsist and offer instead hiinakeelset programme , because , unfortunately , is greater demand than Euronewsi hiinakeelse television , given that the latter is not to show in the Hungarian language is now living in our country , with a significant number of the Chinese . 
we know today in the European Parliament already that many countries do not in time for the legislation to be adopted . 
the most important aspect of the report is that it highlights the and is clearly conviction , according to which it is Brussels , has the right to define action plans for the Member States and to write to the priority issues and spending areas , which is obviously and should also be a competence of the Member States , because every region has the right to decide their own priorities within the framework of its budget . 
our leaders in Europe is lost : immigration is method to reduce poverty or its valdavuse or to increase birth rates . 
we note with satisfaction that Articles 5 and 6 would still the Commission the power to review the investment agreements , and if such agreements would generate major problems , to abandon its authorisation . 
the economic and financial crisis is now the main concern for European citizens fear of losing their jobs . 
like any potential candidate countries , sets out the conditions for Serbia to join the community of values , and I would therefore like to thank the rapporteur , not only for the report but also for her these conditions clearly has expressed in his speech . 
according to the Treaty applies in non-EU fleets fishing in the waters of the EU to the exclusive competence of the Union in the preservation of biological resources . 
I think it is important that Finnish best practice and long-standing tradition regarding can continue even after the adoption of a new directive . 
the key words should be to focus on and flexibility . 
different nationalities older children the fallout from the arguments on the resolution of the European Parliament as a mediator , I am convinced that the proposed regulation will help to achieve the peaceful solutions in the interests of children , parents of children in relation to defining the responsibilities and laying down the conditions that , in this situation , the best protect the welfare of children . 
in essence , this would result in a change to undo solidarity policy . 
I do not believe that we will be able to formulate a common European defence or security policy . 
thank you . 
Turkey is a dictator Ahmadinejad a friend . 
can the Council comment on the progress of the Member States in accordance with the prevention of diverting biodegradable waste from landfill disposal prügiladirektiivile ( 1999 / 31 / EC ) ? 
nevertheless , I would like to draw the attention of this regulation , and on the other , it is vital that it would be proper implementation and monitoring . 
it is now proposed targets reasonable . 
the document that we are discussing today , is in line with these criteria . 
today I would support , despite our respect for the Irish voters &apos; decision , and the completion of the ratification process now mittepeatamist . 
among these is probably much majanduspagulasi and we must allocate they real of refugees . 
Kiindununa ökomärgisesse Blauer Engel , which we in Germany , is not or , ultimately , to be a question of personal eelistuses boils down to the consumer , but one pilgule what the specific characteristics of the product . 
for this reason , I have tabled an amendment on this subject . 
I hope we will see in 2011 , that the problem of dangerous toys on the European market are treated with greater commitment to resolving the final . 
indeed , Denmark , which has managed to negotiate a waiver ourselves , but also as a sovereign state attempted to conclude an association agreement to participate in this cooperation on certain aspects , the Commission is now obliged to ask permission to conclude with others such new international agreements . 
however , it is not enough to simply reactor EU funds earmarked for the closure of funds . 
I am pleased that Parliament and the Council is a broad consensus between the importance and necessity of both objectives and instruments , which need to be made available . 
now that the European Parliament has become colegislator in this area , it has a major role to play in dealing with this matter in the future . 
I consider the collection of housing data based on the decisions of the Laeken European Council , controversial . 
unfortunately , illegal trade is the reality of today and an increase in all Member States . 
in writing . - ( PL ) I voted against the draft resolution , because it is harmful and is not in line with European standards . 
I will try to win their confidence , who I did not give their votes . 
we hope that the work on this proposal reaches the end of the summer . 
nevertheless , the majority of this Parliament has given to the Commission is receiving a blank cheque to waste , defining only ambiguous restrictions , such as &apos; proportionality &apos; and &apos; reciprocity &apos; . 
please do not make this mistake again , because people &apos;s health sensitive issues we are united and shall remain so . 
the ITER project should be not to give a single euro . 
I welcome the comprehensive programme in the dissemination of European audiovisual works throughout the world , since the European market is fragmented , compared with the United States , for example , the audiovisual industry . 
( FR ) was much resistance fighters . 
these are the most simpler . 
for example , the largest US an embassy in Africa is located in Kampala , Uganda and Rwanda is not something the US approval . 
this brings them a lot of work for customs authorities , and is the perfect gift . 
I spoke with Commissioner Frattini after the meeting on 14 January , I met him again two weeks ago , when he said that the services have made arrangements to send a letter . 
at the same time , attach the processors its large profit margin , which they have become accustomed to date , müügihinnale . 
the classic - jobs , full-time work with the increase in the number of protected in the workplace - has been rather slow , while there have been mass part-time work , seasonal work on the basis of the content and the increase in the number of work . 
the third problem that should be addressed , is the internal market . 
that is why we will continue the preparations for the summit . 
we should consider whether the EU should extend its responsibilities and play a more effective role in achieving common objectives ( by participating in the dialogue and common action , judging by coordinating them , etc . ) , according to the agreement between the EU and the OSCE . 
does the Commission deals with the Belgian court &apos;s arguments as to its forthcoming communication setting mobile termination tariffs for ? 
I agree with the opinion expressed in the resolution that the Serbs in Kosovo to avoid displacement their participation is essential in the elections . 
if not , then we hope very much that you raised problem will be addressed and the solution to all parties to find a satisfactory solution in the course of the negotiations . 
at the beginning of the 20th saj. fought illiteracy ; the second half of the 20th saj. oskasid all Europeans to read and write . 
I would like to ask the European Parliament presidentuurilt - not you , but actually presidentuurilt - whether we have the mediator , whether the United States speak out after the failure of the European Union or whether they are talking about through the establishment of a special cases , certain bilaterally with the Member States . 
so far the measures taken to promote knowledge in very diverse areas show that more and more is needed in the dissemination of innovation and to move towards the implementation of our daily lives . 
this is a good omen for creating a positive atmosphere also at the November conciliation . 
the Greek Government &apos;s high interest rates are not due to the current factors , but large riskipreemiatest , which is linked to the sustainability of loans with concern in the market . 
there is also a need for monitoring and the prevention and the settling of conflicts , and this should also include Belarus and Ukraine . 
I make no after and I does not excuse too , that I presented here in Parliament , which I consider to be credible in the 21st century , the free trade agreement , which will benefit enormously from the European Union &apos;s economy . 
two-faced strategy , which is being pushed through violence behind the opposition demonstrations and , at the same time allows a few small reform , without any real political changes , can bring about - as we know - the deterioration of the situation in all three countries . 
so let the oral question proposal refresh the debate and come up with new solutions and implement these laws that already exists , which should help the Roma communities . 
we should be enthusiastic about what has been achieved in these countries and which is going well , but at the same time , we need to be very clear what still needs to be done . 
the ECB is one of the leading institutions who must try to respond to these väljakutstele . 
the aim is actually from 1 January 2010 to visa liberalisation for the citizens of Macedonia , Serbia and Montenegro . 
the answer was that the UK territorial waters is not possible to identify . 
in this regard , I would like to finish simply remind you of our objective of ensuring the concentration of 450 ppm of carbon dioxide , which has been set up in order to ensure that the temperature rise to 2 ° C target set . 
this is contrary to the previous practice and minority internationally guaranteed rights . 
the sustainable development of European aquaculture shellfish and also for the support of production in the EU has adopted wide-ranging legislation on animal health and food safety . 
it must also improve and extend the new teachers ametisseseadmise support . 
Member of the Commission . - Seitsmenda financed under the Framework Programme for Research ethical analysis will ensure the protection of fundamental rights and eetikapõhimõtetele kindlaksjäämise . 
in the debate on the social package we spoke of the lack of the necessary instruments , by means of equal value to apply the principle of equal pay for work and to reduce the pay gap between men and women . 
certainly , this means that quantities and size of the discussions on the need to come back , but not to consider aritmeetilist reduction . 
Mr President , honourable Members , Iraq is positive direction . 
indeed , in such an important sector such as air transport must be guaranteed a public service , which is supported by the European Union . 
these are proportionate measures , which always allow the continuation of the right , the right to mobility , which never cannot refuse for economic reasons , because poverty cannot be citizens or the stigma of discrimination . 
once eight or nine hours of flight from India one another country - it was night flight - I noticed a few two young children , one of whom was around six or seven years old and the second very small . 
this is a major problem . 
the state should remain to this path , and to do so in close partner of the European Union , which , I hope , will be able to ban this barbaric a mode of punishment . 
( NL ) Mr President , it is difficult to the deadlock in relations between the European Union and Belarus to move forward . 
the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , I should like to say that , in any case , however , we still support the goal by 2012 , to introduce a common asylum system throughout the EU . 
so let us simple , let us keep simple , but let us not ruin the Solidarity Fund . 
finally , I would like to express my great respect for all the Iranian men and women who are risking so much come onto the streets are participating in the various events , to demand the observance of the rights of the Iranian Constitution to which they are entitled . 
the Constitution of the Republic of France Article 26 ( 2 ) provides the same . 
to conclude , I should like to emphasise one thing . do not forget transparency and better exchange of all the European institutions . 
I support the proposal for the creation of a spatial data , all remote-sensing and agrometeoroloogiliste projects database and to consolidate the existing spatial data infrastructure and websites . 
the gas market is competitive only if consumers have full access to information on the amount of natural gas and the option to switch supplier . 
that is why we are following this debate in favour of adopting the resolution . 
the systematic crisis management should also be applied to banks at EU level the financial stability measures . 
our decisions on the environment , services , immigration and social security and on many other issues affect their lives in practice of our fellow citizens , who are often the least privileged position . 
at the same time , the debate was also see a willingness to compromise in certain areas . 
there is always a risk and simplify the sexes to prevail in the case of women scientists &apos; kalduvaid features &apos; or create absolute standards for measuring the achievements of researchers . 
of course , I would like to call on the Commission to negotiate the Chinese RAPEX system on the early warning system similar to that of other countries , such as India , Vietnam , Russia or Turkey that dangerous or võltstooted before the entry of the European countries can be confiscated . 
this has to stop . 
in the medium term is not enough of a network of supervisory authorities under the control of the financial markets . 
that is the signs of economic recovery , does not mean that we should immediately take back also support policies , as it may have a negative impact on the economy in the long term . 
of course , this is a mistaken argument . 
the issue of own resources is dealt with in Article 311 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU . 
this is a mistaken view . 
I would therefore like to thank Commissioner Barnier , who has given us a valuable information on this subject . 
we appreciate that very much . 
this means that the financial assistance ceiling of the EU Member States , which are not part of the euro area and the difficulties with their balances , has increased from EUR 12 billion to EUR 25 billion . 
finally , I think that recent events in Bahrain compel us more firmly in relations between the Union and Council be based on respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms . 
that is why I am insisting on our commitment to the establishment of the European Security and Defence Policy , which is the real autonomy . 
therefore , can now say that the &apos; Safer Internet &apos; programme has been very positive impact . 
Article 53 of the Financial Regulation , it is stipulated that Member States should publish the names of the beneficiaries later . 
I have been told that if the 1990s was discussed originaaldirektiivi , expresses very serious concerns about the and debates very emotsionaalseks . 
that is why I voted in favour of the Verts / ALE Group , together with in favour of taxes at EU level , even though , as usual , I defended the independence of the European Central Bank these repeated attacks . 
it is , therefore , the question of whether to introduce binding European legislation . 
for me , it is nothing other than Islamism perverse ideology and dictatorship of the 20th century . 
the last European dictator Alexander Lukashenko , , makes a mockery of our and is giving our osavõtmatusest kannustatuna behind their political opponents and makes them in prison . 
we hope that now , when you have been given back to freedom and a new life in their country of birth , you will find peace in France , which is important to the European Union Member States and the Presidency during this semester , and that you will find happiness , which ihkate . 
lõpetav of the term of office of the Hungarian socialist government in Hungary has set weak economic situation , because no public investment or public procurement was not free of corruption , whether motorways , bridges kapitaalremondi , parking areas , health , the financing of national or EU procurement . 
here , I would like to hear from the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy firm and clear words , and I would like to see that we not only does not call for sanctions against Iran , but also such sanctions are applying . 
we have to understand that we want to improve the system , so as to reduce the number of accidents every year , and the consequences of these accidents becoming less and less serious . 
the debate is closed . 
worse still , this agreement , on which I have to give an opinion , the European Council does not respect these guidelines , the European Union strategy for the region of the Caribbean and the outermost regions of the Union in all three strategy , in which it is explicitly stated that the outermost regions is needed within the framework of the Cariforum regionally and that their integration between the two parties , the need to establish a interregional market , with a view to achieving the overall development of the region . 
this proves that the newcomers are not only is able to follow , but also the lead . 
environmental inspections is very important . 
therefore , I am opposed to the proposal of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , that the fruit should only come from the EU . 
mortality rates while waiting for a heart , liver or kopsusiirdamist among people awaiting them is usually range from 15 % to 30 % . 
this is not only a limited resource timber , but it is also the only thing that local to sell . 
developing civil dialogue under the Treaty of Lisbon ( 
curiously , there are no legislation , the aim of which is to detect and block recruitment in prisons or certain &apos; sensitive &apos; linnajagudes . 
the Union now consists of a large number of Member States . 
we give them rights , by providing them with temporary residence permits , until the situation calms down , and we will translate these permits üleeuroopalisteks . 
on behalf of the PPE Group . - ( RO ) who enlargement in the Mexican states of performing well in the United States , particularly in Ciudad Juárez is deeply worrying . 
the European Commission should häbis need to be made and its proposal to take back immediately . 
despite the volcanic ash nõustamiskeskustele in London and in Toulouse , which includes the ICAO nine created such a centre of international network and to spetsiaalsele centre in London , which is issuing volcanic ash clouds had riskikaarte , we need to improve the European infrastructure , making use of the concentration of volcanic ash clouds had mõõtva system in real time . 
as has already been said , the next week at the summit in Stockholm will be paid to the most attention to areas where we have common interests , such as climate change and energy , and the global economic crisis . 
the volatility of food prices is detrimental to farmers , consumers and even entire national economies . 
I reject - as well as the ECR Group did - ago a monstrous draft , which would be horrendous violation of personal rights , and I call on President Musevenit to this ban . 
Mr President , I think that , in the current economic climate , it is absolutely necessary to do everything in our power to protect these ühiskonnaliikmeid who want to contribute to our economy . 
I would also like to say that , after the Treaty of Lisbon is the human rights situation has changed . 
teenagers death sentences are against the international commitments of the Islamic Republic of Iran . 
as is well known , the Commission has been dealing with for several years in depth the Greek statistics . 
the decision to exclude the Armenian genocide new resolution is a step backwards and cannot be supported . 
it is very important to the creation of greater transparency in the pre-contractual information and supply an information leaflet and the standardised information that a number of previous speakers have already mentioned . 
- ( DE ) Madam President , the June was for foreign militants most verisem months since the fall of the Taliban regime in 2001 . 
it is important that Latvia will not remain alone in this situation . 
this resolution is , of course , this commitment one väljendusviise . 
this aktiviseerus either and subsequently during the night of 9 and 10 August . 
I regret the fact that the drafting of the text has been so difficult and complex , despite the fact that all of us have a common aim . 
in turn , the Council of Transport Ministers yesterday adopted a very clear position , calling on Member States to do all they can to make available to the public , alternative transport arrangements as much as possible to resolve this extremely serious situation , which affects the European Union &apos;s citizens and also of other citizens &apos; mobility . 
it is now clouded jagelemisest tired of President Ouattara Republican forces started in Abidjan attack . 
the global condemnation of violence in Guinea was . 
I am voting in favour of the proposal as it proposes to strengthen the role of the EU in the multilateral system . 
therefore , it does not apply only to reform , but also to the implementation of the legislation in the run-up to any reform . 
because we have a small nuclear power , we are used to our country , nuclear power plants will be made more international tests as larger countries stations . 
however , now , when many Member States of the European Union , including the euro area countries , in a jätkusuutmatusse situation has become , we cannot simply to reverse this situation and in the shortest possible time , while ignoring the difficult economic environment around us . 
the European Union has the right and the duty to take preventive measures and to organise vahendusmissioone , because the EU represents a peace project , which have been carried out over the last 50 years . 
on the contrary , trade policy and agricultural policy will be able to support each other and even must do this . 
what steps do you intend to you , Commissioner , that in the near future , to make this information more accessible to people better ? 
and finally , the fact that Turkey is represented in the G20 shows the importance of this country and geostrategic role that this country could play in the Union countries . 
therefore , by adopting a directive that do not fall and conducts only cosmetic korrektuurid certainly , it will send out a poor signal on the reduction of the administrative burden , which we have talked about . 
the International Fund for Ireland already covered by additional EU projects within the framework of the PEACE programme . 
I would ask that you rahuldaksite request for a roll-call vote , as something has gone wrong technical terms . 
as the Commission , however , has just pointed out , we do not yet have these new vaccines , since research is still prekliinilistes stages and we still are testing the people for their effectiveness . 
can the objective of full employment , the European social and economic model will be sustainable social market economy , and it lays down a set of fundamental social rights . 
the main thing is that the enforcement of the judgments of the Court of Justice should eliminate the causes that lead to human rights violations . 
I repeat here on behalf of the European Parliament , to call for respect for the freedom of religion and to stop religiously motivated violence in that part of the world . 
thank you for your attention . 
we in the European Parliament and the Commission in the shape of this policy jointly and as transparent as possible with the population . 
it is important that Europe takes the objective of reducing emissions by 20 % by 2020 , which could in achieving an international agreement even 30 % fall . 
in writing . - ( HU ) When reviewing the latter convergence policy three years and to see this good achievements , but also the mistakes which have to be improved , not to look into the European Parliament not only the past , but also in the future . 
we will look into the Member States immediately how they apply tööajaeeskirju self-employed drivers and how they monitor compliance with these rules . 
on the basis of this report is the main aims of the radio spectrum policy programme to ensure broadband internet to all EU citizens by 2013 and high-speed broadband by 2020 . 
we must stop saying that the social dimension is not part of the European powers . 
I therefore think that greater coordination may be necessary . 
therefore , now it is up to you , Commissioner , the Commission service , the Agency - to ensure that the Member States really do what they have lent classification societies , port state control , SafeSeaNet &apos;s and other issues on the code , which is now finalising the or täiendamas are . 
in parallel , the European Aviation Safety Agency ( EASA ) for the rules on airworthiness requirements and risk lendamiseks safe in airspace contaminated by volcanic substances . 
it also recognises the need for open standards and their significant contribution to the innovation and competitiveness , as well as the need for a real choice for the consumer . 
2 . 
attempts to prevent Members of Parliament from expressing their opinions on matters of legitimate public interest and concern and from criticising their political opponents by bringing legal proceedings is unacceptable in a democratic society and constitute a breach of Article 8 of the Protocol , which is intended to protect Members &apos; freedom of expression in the performance of their duties in the interests of Parliament as an institution of the European Union . 
the harmonisation of their legislation across the EU companies can the confidence that the rules that apply to their home market , will apply throughout the European Union . 
in writing . - ( PT ) Nobody cannot ignore international post-Kyoto agreement the extreme importance of achieving a significant reduction in carbon dioxide emissions . 
this gas there are large quantities of France , in Poland and in Bulgaria . 
I would like to call for an independent investigation , as called for in the motion for a resolution before us , which we support , in order to find out who these attacks carried out , which they represented and which is wrong in the East Timorese security system of East Timor , both inside and , above all , internationally . 
I am pleased that the Commission has made some concessions four statement that , so now we agree with what has enabled the 2010 progress , and in three years &apos; time we will meet again that , to look at the legislation again . 
the new Europe of the Western Balkan countries ( Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , Montenegro , Serbia ) ( debate ) 
I believe that the European Union will in future be as if these networks läbipõimitud kee . 
perhaps I should now consider actions under the NATO hat or France under the common security and defence policy mission in order to remove this global threat , in particular , in Mali , Mauritania and Niger , which is already very poor countries and need any assistance which we can give them . 
the European Union should seek the restoration of both chambers of Parliament &apos;s work , where the new government has suspended . 
thirdly , I see that the resolution does not include the word &apos; nuclear &apos; . 
subject : energy - the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) 
we are therefore calling for the rejection of the Commission &apos;s proposal and the implementation of the 2002 directive from 2009 , which should have been applied to self-employed drivers , in order to fight against social dumping , to protect workers &apos; rights to health and holiday in the transport sector and to improve road safety conditions . 
27 . 
Ireland is not by nature , we have a eurosceptic , far from it . 
the directive waste oils - as you know , it has now been cancelled - foresees that waste oils must be treated and regenereerima . 
it would make the normal sustainable agricultural and aiandustootmise impossible . 
let me that , in the end , I quote one of the President , if you will allow me : &apos; my administration is working to make an unprecedented dose open government . 
this is a completely new challenge of our countries . 
only in this way can Baghdad to gain the respect and to increase this confidence , not only internally but also in its relations with the EU . 
in my opinion , this is only one good solution . 
public procurement is spent every year , it is estimated that 1 800 000 000 euros . 
we only need to look at the previous policy in the regulation of the financial markets , in order to see - if we have a reasonably honest - that we have allowed the months - in fact years - to regulate these markets , which has gone away , but so far we have managed to make progress but imeväikseid . 
EMAS is a voluntary scheme which will provide a framework to help businesses and organisations to improve their environmental performance . 
in this company involved a person may find ourselves another company . 
( DE ) Mr President , we are in the thoughts on 31 May we sympathise with the victims and their relatives and friends . 
the downside of the system is the fact that this can entail other pettuseohud because VAT collected in the most recent phase of the supply chain . 
on behalf of the PPE Group . - Earlier this year has begun implementing the European Semester will help to strengthen budgetary discipline , macro-economic stability and growth and obliges Member States to change our economic and fiscal policies . 
it is unacceptable that the US gives pommirünnakutesse blended kuubalastele &apos; political asylum . 
people are rising dictatorial despots to and that is a good thing . 
kivisöetööstus revolution has once again at a time when the 25th anniversary of the strike is rapidly approaching miners . 
thirdly , we also need something that I would call &apos; road rajavaks vaimuks &apos; , which shows the way forward for Europe . 
we must not create the impression that some countries in the creation of the new service is not recognised . 
we want to be at the forefront of change purchases . 
global warming will not be empty promises . 
I would like to draw attention to the fact that it is completely incomprehensible to achieve maximum sustainable yield all fish species everywhere at the same time . 
we believe that it is important for us to have a comprehensive legislation . 
firstly , an urgent need to make the Member States more accountable for the identification of fraud and irregularities , and for the information that is needed to combat fraud , waste and distortions in the case of costs and collection of taxes . 
in my opinion , the Commission &apos;s document is the Green Paper , which is diagnoosinud exactly the current challenges facing the EU &apos;s cohesion policy . 
I voted in favour of the report on early childhood education , because I would argue that a small child and koolieeliku vanemapuhkus is an important part of life . 
I would like to remind the Czech Republic if the Presidency its obligations to the European Union and its citizens . 
let me the remaining two minutes to mention a few points in connection with these two questions . one of the questions concerned the Lukashenko Government &apos;s members . 
Mr President , we can then be transparency register . 
firstly , we must support the rapporteur &apos;s proposal for now the European Parliament &apos;s estimates of revenue and expenditure for 2010 , the European Parliament adopted by the Bureau in April of this year , approved form . 
his predecessor , have already called for the UN Security Council to investigate crimes against humanity in Burma , as is done in Rwanda , Bosnia and in Darfur . 
thirdly , Mr Domenici &apos;s report suggests an EU-level levy on money movements of certain jurisdictions or of them . 
in addition , very committed to working on this together with my colleague Neelie Kroes Digital Agenda . 
we know that the euro zone did not have the optimal valuutapiirkond . 
we must make an active cooperation with the Member States , in order to encourage them to political responsibilities and exert pressure from above the development of functional airspace blocks . 
all of them were encouraged to take part in joint actions aimed at their oppressors . 
according to the Council of Europe , are between 5 and 10 % from siiratud neerudest illegal elundikaubandusest and it means thousand victims every year . 
since Christmas is soon , I call on the Council to give us the decision on own resources in the coming years . 
it is , of course , respect for the principles of democracy and the rule of law in Russia with regard to the shortcomings . 
we support the real initiatives that stand for the rights of workers across Europe , but when the Treaty of Lisbon and the Charter of Fundamental Rights itself actually institutsionaliseeruvad decisions of the European Court of Justice , which are in favour of foreign labour exploitation of contractors involved in cross-border business , how we can support this ? 
the financial economy must be opposed to the real economy . 
we need to impose its own rules to local public transport , in order to ensure that there , too , are to be treated customers of the High Kings and not teenritena . 
because of that , I wonder if the Commission , according to the information that it also has a and is bound to publish , then why one , for instance , eelpoolmainitust did not know . 
Eelarvekontrollikomitees can be seen all the figures on what has been done wrong to obtain money paid back . 
to what has already been said , I would just like to add that years lost 2001-2007 20 000 children and 500 of them have been found . 
let us be honest - sügavamast from economic integration have no access to , and that is why this refers to closer political union . 
the second plenary part-session in March will be organised in the framework of the debate on the priorities of the alignment of the cohesion policy . 
there is justified concern that greater efficiency has been achieved at the expense of the rights of citizens , and it is high time to bridge the gap . 
Spain is grateful to the European Union , its asutajatele and large countries such as France , Germany , Italy , who have helped to bring about democracy , has welcomed our country in Europe and helped us with their own means to our development . 
Mr President , let us after the summit in Copenhagen , and the whole of the global warming issue again . 
could you please specify to which rule , the subject has been raised and on the ground , the vote was held in order to take off the agenda item which we had to start to discuss this afternoon ? 
I would like to address a few issues that have already been mentioned . 
( NL ) Mr President , I see that I am not the only one who doubts fortunately deeply in this relatively an absurd initiative , which aims to discredit the undeniable Italy as the country where freedom of information is to a large extent at risk . 
among others , the President of the Commission assures us that this revision would only be limited , but it does not seem to think that the German Government . 
we need better and more in education and training to invest . 
that is why the European average number of donors 20 and only 0.5 in Romania . 
however , I would like to draw attention to the existence of certain weaknesses in recruitment planning , in particular , with regard to which can hopefully situation concerning the forthcoming majandusaastaid process quickly rectified . 
in writing . - ( PT ) Access for prescription-only medicines to patients &apos; health information guarantees better results , because the better informed patients are , the better they understand their treatment decisions . 
it is also true that the situation in Europe is both the quantity of fresh water in the quality and generally good . 
we now need to act , and after the Americans arupidamist , I think that it puts us in a better position in the negotiations and gives equal basis , which will enable us to strengthen security and the rights of citizens in the European Union , and perhaps even in the United States . 
however , this sector will have a number of questions to be clarified . 
each speaker has one minute . 
relations between the European Union and Turkey ( vote ) 
advertising is important tool , which will ensure that the free market is functioning properly . 
it also guarantees uniform conditions for the application of the costs of control and enforcement measures and that the Member States are in control and implementation of the common fisheries policy , and also the baseline data collection , management and use . 
that is why it is very important to review the coherence , in order to ensure that our other political action or in any way undermine development policies are not undermined . 
this without the consent of the Commission , that it be mentioned that Elmar Brok has spoken and even which extends the competences of the European Parliament . 
in addition , cooperation with Russia in this area must not lead to a weakening of the protection of Central Europe . 
this is linked to the artisanal and historical rights . 
we , the MEPs of the Greek Communist Party are against railway mahamüümisele , particularly in Greece , where the rail transport do not meet the needs of the people and , in many cases , continues to management of obsolete infrastructure and equipment . 
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( IT ) I request a roll-call vote on the final vote . 
together , they can boost changes and solutions at a global level , for example , in close cooperation with the MDGs , promote and implement to combat poverty and the economic and social inequalities at global level , strengthening cooperation in the area of development aid , including trilateral cooperation , and , at the same time , jointly combating international terrorism , drug trafficking and crime . 
austerity must be reasonable for the future . 
it is important to give the right message to the Member States that receive a facility providing medium-term financial assistance from the European funds . 
11 . 
the new OLAF &apos;s framework document was the subject of an consultations , the Court of Auditors and the Council of the European Union with the Ombudsman on data protection ; in addition , which is important , a public consultation was carried out - in other words , was consulted public opinion . 
does the Commission share the view that would help to create such a mechanism of the cohesion policy , which is severely oriented outcome ? 
last week was shocked by the natural disaster in the Far East every decent people . 
to this end , it is necessary resources , and I would like to thank the Commission and , in particular , Commissioner Figeľ , for the fact that the Commission is willing to cooperate in this matter . 
however , my education took place in a very long time ago , as you can see my eluloost . 
I do not believe that the people of Europe want these artificial colourants , and I think that we should pay more attention to what people want to see their diet , and not to that which companies wish to contribute to it . 
I am convinced that in this debate the Council would have had to be present , and it must be ülestähendatud and over repeated . 
it is vital to support them , not only in relation to meat , but also as regards milk - sector in Sardinia , which I know very well . 
my request is that always be acted on in a coordinated manner throughout the world , that our businesses in Wales , the EU and elsewhere will have access to capital . 
the microfinance facility is interesting tool in times of crisis , to provide financial support for people who are unemployed or who are at risk to the social economy , but also companies in the sector . 
it is in this spirit that the Commission is the coordination of measures to take place . 
we have listened to air travel companies in the Member States of the EU Counter-Terrorism Coordinator and the security services . 
I can assure you all officially today that , if the European Parliament chooses to my office , I will take your second term these political guidance and am starting of them together with the new Commissioners in the drafting of the next Commission legislative and work programme . 
the statement we confirm once again that all the members of the euro area must take the reliable public policies in accordance with the agreed rules and should be aware of their shared responsibility to ensure economic and financial stability in the euro area . 
we are now seeing the problems of energy dependence . 
in writing . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I voted in favour of Mr Gyürk &apos;s national energy efficiency action plans järelkajastava in favour of the report . 
this really is one area where cooperation with us in the Members can contribute substantially . 
the EP has established itself as the institutional triangle and within the framework of the European public life kaasõigusloojana joint responsibility , but at the same time will create ever closer ties with the national parliaments , a significant proportion of whom is represented here today . 
he is wrong . 
decisions concerning certain documents ( vtprotokoll ) 
since the Belarusian economy is largely Yet and struktureerimata , expect that the negative trend is continuing with the negative social consequences . 
according to the applicants is based on the relevant procedure often läbipaistmatutel criteria . 
I am sorry that the rest of the 10 or 12 Members have not been able to take the floor , but in view of the time and the rules of the Rules of Procedure hilisust , it was impossible . 
our main järeldusteks was to speed up the regional dialogue and to support regional integration , to strengthen bilateral relations , taking into account the diversity of the region , and to adapt , to strengthen their cooperation programmes fokuseeritust orientation and results . 
therefore we do not want this kind of model in Europe to introduce , knowing full well that in my country , my region , has limited access to the Internet . 
in writing . - ( FR ) I welcome the 1997 the Postal on amending the adoption of the common position of the Council at second reading , the aim of which is the completion of the internal market in Community postal services and I congratulate my excellent German colleague , Markus Ferber , for the huge amount of work on this issue . 
in this recast regulation deals primarily with the substances that deplete the ozone layer production , import , export , market , use , reuse , recycling , recovery and the destruction of the prohibitions and restrictions . 
the Liberal Group has submitted an application to extend the deadline for the submission of amendments and joint motions for resolutions falls on the priorities of the European Parliament regarding the Commission &apos;s legislative and work programme , teisipäevani until tomorrow , 10 : 00 23.09.2008 00-ni . 
written statements ( Rule 149 ) 
coordination of social security systems - the coordination of social security systems : Annex XI - The amendment of Regulation ( EC ) No 883 / 2004 extension of scope to nationals of third countries who are not already covered by these provisions ( debate ) 
we hope that this potential is being used , and it is becoming a reality . 
therefore , we will have an excellent opportunity to shape the legislation in these new areas in which it currently does not yet have . 
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution by the various political groups . 
whether the Member States also show our unity here ? 
recently Southampton University study is here in the Chamber provoked anxiety regarding the possible dangers azo dyes , which are used in certain drinks and sweets värvimiseks . 
people believe that the disease of mass non-proliferation eemärgil should take place humanly possible . 
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it would really be hypocritical , as a Parliament , having supported by a very large majority of Mrs Angelilli &apos;s oral amendment , which will be published by the European Parliament my condolences and support for this in our country &apos;s unjustified and serious crime , then the family of the victim , would not be able to adopt a firm stance in order to avoid these acts , this massacre of honest citizens , which will take place because of the lack of control . 
fishing is currently making greater commitments supervision of the Member States , and this is the common fisheries policy or multilateral cooperation , which is also due to the transposition of the proposal . 
following an analysis of what is contained in the proposal , it is safe to say that the compromise package , which is supported by the political groups of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , the European Parliament Democrats and the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , the Union fully reflects the directive directly mõjutatavate the interests of the groups . 
we therefore ask Commissioner Mandelson , who stated in his letter that he does not intend to negotiate the TRIPS + provisions , to eliminate the Caribbean countries to join the draft Economic Partnership Agreement with the requirement for the next agreements , and to take the following commitments and agreements under the provisions of the treaty and the patendiõiguse : patendikoostööleping , Directive 2004 / 48 / EC ( the enforcement of intellectual property rights ) , which are similar to those of the provisions on intellectual property unequivocally TRIPS + provisions . 
thank you and the whole College of Commissioners and staff . 
in this regard , we must be very careful that we do not impose too many regulations and price themselves out of the market does not time . 
the introduction of electronic data exchange Poland in pension systems is largely reduced the number of errors kindlustusandmete transfers between the institutions . 
safety must be considered a priority in all lennufaasides and also airport conditions , and it must not be subject to national authorities pädevusealaste conflicts . 
this is one of the ideological prejudice , of which I would like to get rid of . 
the general situation of the global economy will increase slower growth and fear of losing their jobs in Europe . 
protecting investors is important , but the Commission is asked to present a clear definition of the investments that should be protected . 
but the most uskumatum is that many Members of the European Parliament who defend Christians throughout the world , however , support Turkey &apos;s accession to the EU . 
we should be pleased that the principle of ne bis in idem principle is guaranteed by the courts of the Member States . 
( HU ) Mr President , I would like to say that I fully agree with the rapporteur and support him , and also Commissioner Malmström in finding a solution to this problem , which is in line with the principles of the rule of law , respect for human rights , data protection and , of course , also julgeolekukaalutlustega . 
the number of Täisliikmete should not exceed 10 % of posts or a total of 20 . 
but the answer to this problem is definitely not the best way of this , if their employer finantssoodustused for this if they encourage their female workers to have children . 
I am counting on you , Commissioner . 
moreover , given the energiaproblemaatikat , the Presidency is focusing on the progress of Chapter 15 on , because it is one of the priority issues . 
in this context , the European Union has a duty to monitor closely the developments in relation to human rights and to use all of its influence to reverse this negative trend . 
people &apos;s sense of proportion in relation to climate protection seems to have faded away . 
thank you . 
the European Parliament has five months hesitated whether women &apos;s human rights should be a priority or not . 
a lot of questions have been raised , including intellectual property rights and public procurement , and investeerimiskapital has reduced the scope of political action on both sides . 
it seems to me that another particularly important area is that of civil society . 
it rewards Kaeraportsjon hästitehtud work , but also the entire energy provides for further work . 
Madam High Representative , I would like to thank Mr Salafranca for his excellent report on the EU strategic relations and partnerships with Latin America . 
it was with great pleasure that I support Mrs Doyle &apos;s kõik-lossida policy , which obliges fishermen lossima throughout their catch . 
I agree with what has been said by Ana Maria Gomes täieti . 
this initiative is therefore an important contribution to achieving the ambitious objectives as part of our partnership for growth and employment . 
( RO ) Last Monday Romanians for the first time in our elected representatives of the European Parliament . 
written statements ( Rule 149 ) 
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on Burma . 
in writing . - ( PL ) I voted in favour of the resolution condemning the violation of human rights , because we must not allow these violations or the people or not to accept that the citizens . 
therefore , it is important to promote diversity in agricultural production , which goes to the great kaubanduskettidest traditional agriculture and väikepõllunduseni ; to ensure that young farmers have access to credit ; to encourage the development of food supply is preparing to contribute to world trade and bring prices on the world market . 
this means that Europe must fight new vision and complex policies , to maintain its position in the global economy , the decision-making process . 
the Council must be examined just as hard as other European agencies and the granting of discharge to be written documents . 
however , it is very important to ensure that the process complies with EU data protection legislation in the field . 
any financial agencies , whether national or eraasutus regulation , should not be missed . 
in writing . - When 19 February 2004 , a regulation was adopted , which is currently under discussion , was not yet officially been created Frontex . 
President-in-Office of the Council , a large number of topics are blocked now , because the problem is that this Parliament wants to continue to apply the Community method , but the Council did not want to move in this direction . 
I think that the entire economic growth is necessary for establishing a basis for the gradual consolidation of the budget and the protection of the European social model . 
in particular , this report called for funding to Eurojust and Europol , agencies that operate outside of the boundaries acceptable to British law . 
in my report , I also note that ... 
the EU must come up with a number of short-term objectives , of which Bosnia to be able to fulfil , so that its citizens can see that progress is being made , and to find the motivation to continue the reform process . 
these organisations can help to bring the issue of consumer protection at the heart of the dialogue on the regulation of the financial markets . 
we have had good initiatives and success stories , such as economic growth and job creation programme or project &apos; Think small first &apos; , and has been legislative success - the Services Directive , the regulation of the financial markets supervision , climate policy and the new energy package , as some here to mention . 
I did so because I believe that it is important to improve the EU &apos;s ability to respond to disasters , preventive plan that covers aspects and that has become increasingly necessary , as well as the EU &apos;s global integrated response . 
the EU and Syria Association Agreement is currently the Euro-Mediterranean Agreement ( vote ) 
Prime Minister Orbán , you korrastate Hungarian economy . 
we have set out by Mrs Hedegaard agenda must be in the energy sector , that by 2050 , compared to reduce CO2 emissions by 10 % . 
however , we must keep our values : we cannot allow state structure , if this mix concepts of nationalist rhetoric or a significant a distant past retroactive the manipulation of history . 
different courses of action can complement each other , as I will state . 
( applause ) 
I also think it is a good thing - and this is also something which , in fact , compulsory consequence of the Treaty of Lisbon , that the House &apos;s position with regard to international agreements in the area of international negotiations will be improved considerably , and Parliament must be to enable the genuine access to all the information and to all deliberations . 
I think that we have achieved this citizens &apos; initiative legislation . 
evening goes too early dark and , once home from work is reviewed and aims offers sporting or children go Palestinian-owned house , has already evening . 
( applause ) 
we in the European Union is obvious overcapacity in motor vehicles . 
this will enable Europe to function better and give it the necessary tools so that it can speak with a louder voice on the world stage . 
it must be based on an integrated approach that combines the implementation of existing and new standards and dissemination of good practice . 
Commissioner Füle spoke about correctly , that the economic conditions make political difficulties more acute . 
at the same time , this system and , more generally , the Schengen acquis criminals nutikamale wider kandepinna international crime and corruption . 
author . - Mr President , before we vote on a resolution which I on the accession of the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , I would like to make three technical comments , so that everyone will be able to decide on the basis of the correct text . 
the unemployment rate among young people , has exceeded the 20 % at the beginning of the year as a result of the economic crisis and , at the same time , went to school leavers 17 % , whereas the more it affects young people in rural areas . 
if we support the Uighurs , let us do it friendly call to the Chinese , because the Uighurs threatens cultural etnotsiid ! 
political short-sightedness in the Georgian crisis will not only increase European Union siselõhet , but also strongly cause a strain on relations with Russia . 
these deficits will damage to both the Member States and the victims of persecution . 
if food safety is one of the key demands of the biggest concerns and market where there is more than 500 million consumers , then this assessment and an investigation into the way requires an extremely high level of professionalism , effectiveness and impartiality . 
the Stockholm Programme ( vote ) 
that is why it is extremely important that each Member State to implement structural reforms , which the Commission and the European Central Bank has drawn attention to many times in the past . 
( FR ) Mr President , at a time of recession , it is important that the European Union would continue to solidarity with developing countries . 
yes , I believe that we need to review the situation with regard to genetically modified organisms existing standards . 
the next item is the vote . 
this role must comply with the IMF . 
I agree with the Commissioner that the representation of the EU in the Indian Ocean Tuunikomisjonis ( IOTC ) is good , but my question to the Commission is as follows : 
it is true that we need to educate them , but not deklareerides that we need the policy at EU level , in order to meet the challenges of a globalised economy . 
the Member States have the time until the sharing of resources juunikuuni . 
I ask the Commission to carry out the research projects and draw up for the Black Sea region , which has become a strategic area from the point of view of the trans-European network . 
I think that we should be the rule , that we must know at least two hours in advance who will take the floor during the one-minute speeches . 
in writing . - With reference to the Guillaume report includes significant õigusvaldkondi and stresses the need to people seeking asylum to fully respect human rights . 
it is true that we cannot only get rid of the problem of undeclared work by means of regulation . 
I therefore support the proposal to improve cooperation , even if some Member States do not participate in the cooperation . 
the reason for this lies in the fact that regulates the salary of Members of the European Parliament and of a Statute for Members of the European Parliament to amend or updating the Members &apos; salaries , it is necessary to amend the Statute . this cannot be done in any of the EU budget for the vote in plenary . 
yes , it is - an internal cleansing . 
we have already examples of this . 
the Commission will examine the possibility of launching projects , which would help Pakistan to better fight terrorism . 
a proper response would be a European strategy to agree on the high prices of food and energy to fight together with the protection of poorer households . 
the method of compliance with the accession criteria , particularly Chapter 23 under law and fundamental rights , is an important milestone for this country strive for European standards . 
good luck . 
the ethical multifunctionality needs to be protected , so I am glad that the report deals with this issue . 
in doing so , I would like to draw attention to the fact that Kosovo is an integral part of Serbia and it is not the subject of a separate under international law . 
on the basis of these premises , I voted in favour of the Portuguese nominee for Chair of the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority post , who , as is stipulated , is subject to strict rules regarding independence . 
for these reasons we abstained . 
further cooperation in this area is foreseen for the period 2011-2013 . 
secondly , would like to stress that , given that organ exchange üle-Euroopaline coordination is absent today , it is very important to strengthen precisely this part and , more specifically , to coordinate the existing organ exchange between Member States , for example , through a European donor card and pan-European teabeliini . 
I firmly believe that every EU Member State Government has the main responsibility to express their opinion against misinformation and duplicity over . 
international organisations , according to the statistics are appalling - are being murdered in the world every year approximately 150 000 Christians . 
in these areas , our work will be judged and also our policy on the basis of the results achieved . 
the EU is now calling for a reduction in expenditure , but that it is realistic to expect that in Greece will reduce public sector expenditure , if one country is 20 % of the working population employed and than 50 % of which is the only country kliendiks ? 
I think it is fair to stress that these months that we have worked in close cooperation with the Commission and the Council , we have achieved undoubtedly important goal for the European Union , mainly technical nature of the issues in the area of the priority on the European political agenda . 
the idea of an interest-based televisiooniprogrammi technical teabekanalina is acceptable intention , but it should not be to implement manner , as is currently the recommended . 
the September 2008 Communication entitled &apos; Multilingualism : an asset for Europe and a shared commitment &apos; has been confirmed by the Commission &apos;s support for all the Community kõneldavatele languages , including the languages spoken by minorities . 
Mr Frattini &apos;s proposal concerning the demonstration packages legal entry quotas , I think we can to facilitate a reduction in illegal migration within the European Union , but it can also achieve more effective control of illegal migration in third countries . 
in Britain illegal immigration is a huge problem . 
we all want to reach a mature older , but not to be irdunud lonely and society . 
that is why we valmistamegi for very important access , opportunities and solidarity package , which will be ready before the summer . 
we call on the Commission to abide by the commitments made before this House , that the EU &apos;s action includes all areas relating to discrimination . 
as long as the European Union are not talking about our common foreign and security policy , with one voice , we are very difficult to establish effective and systematic Community sanctions . 
it is clear that , after the war in Georgia , the West every small is a gesture that what was done in trying to balance the growing influence of the Moscow postsovetlikul territory . 
the Commission &apos;s &apos; soft landing &apos; policy proposal and annual 2 % quota increase until 2014 when the current regulation expires , quota increases the unequal sharing between the Member States . 
we will not be able to shift the burden on private enterprise . 
the issue is therefore that here today and in the future , we need to deal with two aspects : 
in addition , we need clarification for the victims and a sense of responsibility . 
migration , economic uncertainty and political tensions also put pressure on the different cultural , ethnic and religious groups relations . 
this country &apos;s insistence on a single is in our hands . 
it also advocates a safety net and promotes the association of small farmers . 
it is therefore important that , within and between the Member States of the European Union to be harmonised and recycling of waste legislation . however , the most important thing is that , in the end , waste exports , which are not certified and environmentally sound cared for waste disposal . 
if we are talking about the development of technology , it must take place in all areas . 
as usual , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur for an excellent report and I fully agree with her that we should be certain that the system becomes more consistent and most importantly - more productive , and more useful . 
it calls for reporting on them . 
on 4 September have been arrested , tortured and now , has been sentenced to 11 years in prison 47aastase Nasrin Sotoudeh , is a classic example . 
explanations of vote 
there is nothing about democratic vastukaalust the ECB , in order to introduce a monetary policy in favour of industry and the creation of jobs . 
in writing . - ( BG ) Ladies and gentlemen , the Commission reports presented do not demonstrate an infringement of the German alkoholimonopoliga in any way that would have been infringed the rules on competition in the internal market . 
this means you - Parliament - a stronger role and stricter democratic supervision . 
we certainly do not want to introduce the US conditions . 
prices for raw materials have now fallen dramatically , so that a barrel of oil now costs USD around 43 or 45 , but the same very sharp drop in has gone through many other raw materials . 
indeed , I think that it is a good idea to provide for the countries along the border with the EU reciprocal kaubanduskontsessioonid , in terms of both economic development and in socio-political matters . 
as regards the specific issue of the introduction of the euro in favour of Iceland ühinemata without the EU , then , of course , Iceland has unilaterally to take this sort of decision , but it must be made clear that the Commission , as well as the European Central Bank &apos;s firm conviction is that unilateral &apos; euroseerimine Iceland desirable &apos; is not a political choice . 
however , when we offer him a foundation of the healthcare system , we have not helped not only him or her throughout his their life , but also its children . 
we have seen his activities in Kinshasa and Kigali meetings , and this has resulted in Nairobi . 
it is not an easy subject , but we will continue to address this . 
trafficking in human beings is a long time was on the agenda of the European Union as a very important point and , of course , we must continue the implementation of a combination of various measures to combat this horrible the violation of fundamental rights . 
the EU &apos;s prosperity linked to achieving sustainable economic development must be given to the two main elements . 
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I , too , would like to join my colleagues and to thank Mrs Harkin for drafting this report , and to congratulate her on this . 
I am thinking of the Western Sahara . 
that is why the Council to conduct their activities , but this issue , samaaegsesse entered into a broader debate on the health check of the common agricultural policy in terms of the overall package . 
instead , we are advocating measures to secure the only truly common policy that exists in the EU . 
I would first of all like to thank the rapporteurs on their important contributions on the reports on the Single Market , and I congratulate them for the results achieved . 
in relation to this , was the subject of the special attention and the development of the system of discrimination against these operators vältiva compromise . 
you have seen a great effort in this House and I thank you for it , for coming here and we are so great and proper answers you have given . 
this is , in fact , something to which we have got . 
we must increase the Lisbon strategy for growth and employment and the interplay between the climate and the Energy Roadmap . 
it is essential that all the mass media will communicate information in a manner which is accessible and without hampering the ( subtiitritega , with clearly visible visual information ) , and help people at the time of natural disasters should mobiilsideoperaatorid . in addition , to work together to provide liitujatele preferably individual preferences and adapted to the needs of free and immediate information . 
many of them are also asked me , what are we doing and what does Europe do for them and their families . 
thirdly , the Commission has tried to ensure that Member States who are growing refugees and vulnerable due to the number of illegal immigrants , in the very short term to be able to start such resettlement due to financial implications . 
thank you . 
Mr Guardans , Mr Medina and Mr Mavrommatis is it really well highlighted , and I agree with them . 
because the thugs and criminals are not afraid of the law . 
why is this the case ? 
this issue is both the Commissioner and the Council and is related to the fact that 80 % of our funding is actually spent on Member States and Parliament has for many years been in favour of national management declarations on . 
in my view , we need to strike a balance between privacy and the need to enforce their maksuseadusi jurisdictions . 
nevertheless , we do support paragraph , which must occupational accidents and diseases põhifaktoriks excessive working hours and mitteküllaldasi puhkuseperioode and requires the right of balancing work and family life . 
the strategy that I have followed and what the rapporteur has taken to follow this proposal therefore included the Centre-Right in order to ensure that this does not happen for researchers damage . 
it is unfortunate that the EU is the creation of a PNR data system has left the justification for the proposal so much legally vague as regards into line with the European Convention on the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms ; 
illegal logging is often the first step towards the destruction of natural forests . 
if there are differences between us , it is difficult to move any of the objectives ; so transatlantic relations allow us to achieve together results which we will not be able to achieve alone . 
thirdly , I would like to address air traffic . 
finally , after all , it is not necessary märkidagi that security is essential . 
and REGI will do the same in its report published at the same time . 
in this context , I would like to stress that , in addition to the EDF framework is now funds within the framework of the food aid facility &apos; , which is for the period 20092011 EUR 100 million . 
it is particularly important that the EU institutions and the Member States in this regard there is the establishment of a body of employees in full equality . 
but I would like to clarify that I do not want to take up the general framework , but only to achieve greater flexibility within the existing framework that new needs to respond . 
although the EU has not been confirmed by all the recommendations , made it clear that the Goldstone report is very seriously . 
I also supported the &apos; Eurovignette &apos; change its review must not detract from the importance of sustainable transpordistrateegia . 
next , I will continue the subject of data collection . 
perhaps of this Parliament would be logical mother or father . 
as well as they form part of the commitments that Russia has been adopted by the UN , as a member of the OSCE and the Council of Europe . 
if the hauliers that are already marginal networks läbilaskevõimeid will not use of these in the end , which will damage for all users . 
opinion states that the law is a threat to the free movement of workers , which is one of the greatest achievements of European integration , and is a threat to the European Union &apos;s single legal services . in addition to the functioning of the internal market is that the revised language law is incompatible with the Audiovisual Media Services Directive and Article 56 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union on the freedom to provide services . 
in writing . - This report , which is intended to ensure greater transparency , effectiveness and accountability in relation to European expenditure , it is for the implementation of the EU budget in accordance with the principles of sound financial management is more important than ever . 
it is true that the dispute , which I referred to in my question , may be partially been eradicated ; however , it is the case that the Danish civil aviation authority will not allow SASi aeroplanes air to stand before it is resolved technical problems , while other airlines are using the same technical problems planes . 
the Commission &apos;s progress report is expected on 7 November , and I think that it is very important that this report include the current positive developments in Turkey . 
if I am right in saying that you have offered to implement it and come up with a new formula subjektiivsema ? 
this concerns both the necessary studies iron and steel industry and the coal mining ratsionaliseerimiseks activities , as well as the importing of this industry , in other words , the further aimed at improving the coal and steel research . 
after the overthrow of the deposed by the Nazis , he remained to Poland next totalitarian regime - to fight against the Soviet regime . 
the UNRWA has had to put a stop to the programme , which is designed to help the poorest inhabitants of the Gaza Strip . 
as has already been said , the so-called &apos;Humanitarian intervention &apos; is often real sekkumispõhjusi and humanitaarsekkumist used and it is being manipulated in the interests of the major powers and big multinationals and their külmadel considerations , which calls into question the basic principles of international law . 
this is one reason why the PPE Group calls for the application of the agreement as soon as possible . 
consequently , should be to increase the resources allocated to implement it . 
the aim of the Services Directive is to achieve full implementation of the single internal market in services . 
it is also about the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control ( ECDC ) and the European Centre for early warning and public health threats early warning and response system for nature and role . 
finally , I welcome the Council organised joint action , namely to extend their pirate at sea and air also right to the pursuit of the coastal states &apos;s waters , provided that the countries concerned , will agree , and also in developing a genuine coordinated assistance mechanism against the cases of piracy . 
the compromise offers all of this . 
it was our last debate on the future of Europe a series of talking . 
allow me to make three proposals : ... 
therefore , are measures which will help to increase this transparency , welcome and necessary . 
I have clearly said it before session , especially if it has been implemented during the distribution of fruit and vegetables . 
thank you very much . 
this is the paradox - even asylum seekers are entering the EU from various mixed flows . 
can you say that , when the President of this Parliament must demonstrate its real mehelikkust still , then we should these review ? 
a similar message at the end of March the foreign ministers communicated to the informal meeting held in Slovenia . 
the big question is , of course , that such events will be followed by esilepuhkemisele . 
I also endorse the view that the Member States should be given more time to investigate whether repealing the directives will lead to legal uncertainty . 
one mudavool swept off the map and a whole village hundreds of people killed . 
( DE ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , President of the Commission , this is the greatest achievement of the Portuguese Presidency , that the Lisbon Treaty is now ready to sign and many Members of this Parliament has surely given to also its contribution . 
it is now humanitaarabitoetuste agreements concluded with four partneragentuuridega : Telecom Sans Frontières France offers eriolukorraks telecommunications services ; üleameerikaline Health Organization and the Spanish Red Cross will help to restore health services and the German Red Cross gives shelter , clean water and basic households esmavajaliku . 
those are my thoughts intercultural dialogue issues the what , why , who and how . 
it is a country where there are 2 million arbitrarily built building , many of them metsapiirkondades ; tulekahjus destroyed land can be easily converted to build villasid later reach them and to bring the electricity and veeühendus thanks to the Government of winning votes in favour of the changes made . 
if the European Union in the current situation , it is right to recognise the Ambassador of Robert Mugabe , this would certainly be an insult to decent people . 
Commissioner , we support your approach , which will bring more ecology and greening the first pillar . 
I would like just to add one thing here to debate : if sisenemis- and väljumissüsteem will work , then we will have a systematic checks are needed in the long term . 
I support the promotion of artistic accessible expenditure and at cultural events , which can enrich the life of the population of filmiauhinda . therefore , I supported the LUX despite aimusest , that its budget appears to be high . 
I am proposing to develop more environmentally friendly turismiliike , for example , sports activities or cultural tourism . 
I now look forward to an interesting debate and I shall listen to your views . 
let me draw your attention to the report points 4 and 10 , which stresses the need to harmonise the self-employed women working on family farms or social and economic rights . 
in this context , I would like to ask the Commissioner whether sõjandussektor , whose activities sometimes interferes in the marine environment , and this affects the Community policies in this area are taken into account , to avoid environmental damage . 
I support the principle of all democratic institutions have a duty to ensure that its activities , documents and decisions of the public . 
( HU ) I was shocked when I saw in the hands of the African delegation food conference slogan : &apos; do not toitke Africa &apos; . 
the summit is in fact poorly prepared , both in terms of a common vision , which we need , and also in terms of resources and means we use . 
we demand comparable , have some truthful , consistent and complete data . 
together , we shall be able to reach the required result , thereby both the free movement of people and certainty and security for all countries . 
in my view , creates problems of primary law , not the application of the legislation itself . 
this policy must be brought to an end and the value of the role attributed to women , women &apos;s rights and equality and land resources , among other things , to the value of services connected to the network , health care , education and pereabile and strengthening of all this . 
I urge the European Parliament , the seventh anniversary of the signing of the twenty-seven augustikokkulepete , in this case , well think . 
it is as if the institution &apos;s obsession with prove its worth in the form of a purely action : whether this good bad or a mediocre . 
nevertheless , in the UK &apos;s interest is that Pakistan can now trade preferences . 
I therefore think it is unfair to show a picture of Mr Van Rompuy , who will fulfil their tasks for all of us as President of the European Council , together with their host person . 
I am convinced that such a statement is made successfully during the autumn . 
they want , so that the institutions work together , and therefore , they want cooperation . 
the Doha Round the main criterion has been the inclusion of all Member States in all matters , with both the large organisation must be used within the framework of this comprehensive approach , which is subject to certain changing geomeetriat . 
the airlines in Europe and throughout the world is fundamental to these greenhouse gas emissions . 
( NL ) Mr President , allow me to begin by congratulating the rapporteur . 
the situation is getting worse , if we do not do anything . 
if it fails , we could the Commission talk about some of the own creation programme in this area for the exchange of best practices between Member States ? 
I would like to stress the importance of this plan of certain provisions , in particular those provisions that apply to existing residential and public buildings to improve energy efficiency measures . 
Mr President , Põlisvähemuste rahvuskogukondade and languages , as Co-President of the working group strongly condemn the actions which the Belarusian authorities have taken the largest organisation of the Polish minority and against members of minority groups . 
written statements ( Rule 149 ) 
in addition , design and construction of safer vehicles , the Member States should invest in the safety of road infrastructure as well . 
at the same time , it is clear that the Dublin system did not developed and proposed burden-sharing tool . 
some have the Greeks , who are treated differently than other Europeans . 
I fully support this idea that , although the Member States are capable themselves to gather the information required under this regulation , the harmonisation of statistical data is necessary , however , to ensure that the activities of the Commission &apos;s coordination their comparability . 
as the Afghan people must adapt to , we must do this by helping them to achieve riigimudel , which is a united tänapäevasus Afghan tradition . 
there is also the &apos; outstanding commitments amounting to EUR 10 billion . 
the agreement has already met opereerimiseks Joint Committee in June . 
I should like to conclude the comment on political kunsttüki , which concerns the redistribution of funding for youth employment . 
the whole medical care , despite their specificity , falls within the scope of asutamiselepingu . 
taking into account that next year is the European Year of the Volunteer , it is particularly important that the European voluntary Action Service - which supports the involvement of young people in voluntary activity and which aims to develop solidarity and to promote active citizenship amongst young people - to become stronger . 
( PL ) Mr President , I voted against . 
indeed , innovation is both the European Commission &apos;s climate change package , as well as an integral part of the European Economic Recovery Plan . 
due to the size of the tax fraud kaotatavate is difficult to assess . 
I hope that they all really democratic changes are asking for , especially now , when they , such as Ukraine , is enormous economic problems . 
much is Tour de France and this is German who currently , yellow särki . 
they are more demanding with regard to the authorities in their own countries . 
this means , of course , appropriate regulations into national transposition of the opening of a procedure and , if necessary , against those Member States who have been violations of European Union law . 
it is not associated with permanent residence permits . 
( DE ) Mr President , Mr Karas has already mentioned some of the main themes . 
firstly , the Council chose to continue without preconditions that the dialogue between the European Union and Cuba , which is based on the principle of reciprocity , which deals with all the issues of mutual interest . 
secondly , we need to set higher targets in the transatlantic dialogue on issues as raised by both the rapporteur and Commissioner , perhaps the Middle East , Iran , Iraq , Afghanistan , etc . 
the European economic recovery plan provides for the large national investments in the transport and energy infrastructure ones . 
we need to bear in mind one thing : we can , if necessary , also food import , but not in a way which does not meet our conditions . 
the crisis occurred in order to overcome the challenges , the Commission has launched a number of political initiatives in place . 
printereid through the business model is founded on printerite relatively cheap safeguard and customers to the Treaty , on the basis of which they continue to the purchase of expensive printerikassettide . 
the World Bank according to the statistics , poverty in the developing countries has fallen to approximately EUR 44 million people since June of last year , because food prices have reached at the beginning of 2011 , the 2008 level , if the food and growing up naftahindadel was a significant negative impact on poverty throughout the world . 
I voted in favour of Mrs Angelilli &apos;s report , because we need a rapid , effective action to combat the causes and , above all , the effects of the sexual exploitation of children and child pornography . 
the solution for Britain is , of course , leaving the European Union , control of their own hands in their territorial waters and restoring mõistuspära rekindling national fishing industry in Europe . 
in order to ensure that relations with India would be balanced must , in our Member States to do the same . 
however , it seems that pertain exactly to the complexity of the Doha Round has contributed to the resolution . 
as always , it is the taxpayer who abide by the so-called efficiency must pay . 
they are interested in international activities , but at the same time , they must take into account their regional and other associations , and also that these aspects must not neglect in any of the international activities relating to human rights . 
that brings me to a second point , which is of crucial importance to us at this time , in particular . 
the political representation in the European elections is very important for countries where a large part of the population is living in another European Union Member States , such as Romania . 
for most national debt reduction is a very important subject , taking into account its negative impact on economic incentives and growth because of higher taxes and risk premiums . 
it is important that the Member States to show solidarity with one another and share international requirements in terms of compliance with each other fairly responsibility . 
nevertheless , in practical terms , I would like to draw attention to two silmanähtavale tegematajätmisele of the Spanish Presidency . 
in particular , as regards the propensity to the wave of immigrants from Africa , it is very important that the Mediterranean countries to coordinate this response measures . 
we have , as Members of the European Parliament to stress the need to respect the international commitments , such as human rights and gender equality , to prevent the dignity of women and children in Congo countless innocent . 
we consider it unacceptable to treat people working on the basis of an employment contract on an equal footing with those who are self-employed . 
but now we find that your - contained in the Treaty of Lisbon , namely the protection of consumers horizontal obligation , contrary to the European Commission - you have done their allocation of portfolios done exactly the opposite , because now is not responsible for consumer protection is simply not one Commissioner but several . 
President-in-Office of the Council . - As far as the first question is concerned , during the autumn there have been a number of bilateral meetings , which is aimed at simplifying the preparation and negotiation . 
consequently , the European Union must focus on this issue . 
migration is needed to slow down the sustainable and eesmärgipäraseks five things : democracy , development , to respect for international law , European solidarity and , in particular , that it would not prejudice the unfortunate rhetoric . 
the only way to deal with this problem is to increase our permanent the resilience of the fisheries sector on the rise in the price of fuel . 
however , the strategic partnership must be based on the commitment of the Chinese to respect human rights , because we need partnerships with the countries which are democratic , not totalitarian . 
in order to guarantee the success of the Europe 2020 strategy must be more involved in the regions and the European Commission must continue to finance them the simplification of procedures . 
hardly a few hours ago was today adopted an important piece of legislation which recognises the rights of citizens to submit a legislative initiative , to take precedence over the right to citizenship . 
in addition , we managed to hold a public debate on the future of the Kyoto Protocol and the legal on the outcome . 
who would like to speak in favour ? 
I agree with the rapporteur when he draws attention to the fact that , in the light of the new powers granted by the Treaty of Lisbon , the European Parliament must monitor the VPAs negotiations and their implementation , and calls on the Commission to submit to Parliament the documents relating to the implementation of the Agreement also studies agreement among social , economic and environmental impact . 
however , I would like to remind you that , following the accession of Bulgaria and Romania , the Black Sea became an inland sea of the European Union has become a partially internal sea of the European Union , and we cannot ignore its strategic importance in terms of the whole world . 
this reaction is evident in the Commission and also here in the room , as some people feel that the EU does not have any role on this issue . 
the EGF has already been used in the past by other EU countries , particularly Portugal and Spain , and now is the time to provide such assistance of Belgium and Ireland . 
I support the idea that the European Parliament should make concrete proposals and the financing of the European Union &apos;s External Action Service on budgetary control . 
I thank the European Parliament for all the support that he will be able to point out in this area . 
I would like to address the digital content services next time , when I have a convincing data . 
the European Union must act . 
secondly , the model of the fishery was developed for one species , at the same time , most paljuliigilised Community fish stocks , which means a number of species overrate or alapüüki . this is obviously incompatible with the actual meaning of this marking the maximum sustainable yield ( MSY ) . 
I have explained to you that the Gdynia and Szczecin problem can help solve a viable future for workers . 
( the President cut off the speaker . ) 
the European Parliament report drawn up by the rapporteur does not seem to particularly concerned about these objections form it . 
at the same time , we must make every effort to make progress in relations with China . 
global food demand has risen across the world , and this is due , higher production costs , severe volatility in agricultural markets , less land , less water and reduced energy inputs . 
both the Fund for the period 2008 to 2013 will be reduced the amount of the funds allocated to the 628 million to EUR 614 million euro . 
this regulation human and lays down Community procedures for the authorisation and supervision of and establishing a European Medicines Agency and helps ensure the right of patients to the competent authorities , on the medicinal products available through the control of reliable , accessible and independent information . 
I have not forgotten about any other problems . 
approximately 4 million has left , which have resulted in the population has increased more than 2 million . 
I fully support the Tunisian democratic transition and development process . 
given the scale of the necessary consolidation is an expression of this programme , a proper level of ambition and is eeljaotuse programme . 
I am also prepared to fully contribute to the negotiations . 
we need them very carefully , very wisely to consider and be open to all the concerns and needs of the affected countries . 
it is because of the countries of the European Union , prove that it is possible . 
2.5 million people have left their homes , that access for violence . 
this approach linking of all EU policies five international problem . 
Serbia &apos;s route in this direction have been following the loss of Soviet power and the break-up of Yugoslavia , particularly hard . 
in order to be active citizen , people must be broader mindset . 
it is right that it should first look at their national regulators , but it is also similar problems in other EU Member States . 
both countries began between the establishment of direct flights and also applies to economic cooperation framework agreement . 
already in 2005 was confirmed by the President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev that respects all the rights of journalists and they can count on assistance in the event of any kind of threat . 
in this regard , our actions should be guided by the maxim : as little as possible . 
we will not achieve credibility in the world , especially if we adopted measures immigration management and our policy in response to the tragic events caused by terrorism is not about human rights as an example . 
irrespective of how we call it , we are in a situation where the Multiannual Financial Framework ( MFF ) have been exhausted . 
such filling stations in all the Member States should at the same time , that every European citizen could have access to them . 
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( FR ) Mr President , I am pleased to be here today to inform you that the Commission &apos;s statement concerning this resolution on the New Flame shipwreck and its consequences in the Gulf of Algekirase on which you are going to adopt . 
its naiseliku intuitsiooniga they enrich our world understanding . 
consequently , worries us the fact that some Member States tend to adopt and apply the legislation which , according to the provisions of the directive is not justified in any way . 
I believe that these are the points well highlighted in the report , and that is why I voted in favour of it . 
I voted in favour of this document , because the democratic change cannot be imposed from outside , not even by military means , but they must be to achieve a peaceful through the democratic process . 
the food crisis , which suffer the most from the poorest people of the world , we must tackle immediately . 
we find in this context , the opportunity to discuss the situation in the dairy sector . 
in our opinion , there is no explanation , according to which all of it would be a waste of time and resources , acceptable . 
it must not , under any circumstances , be an obstacle to the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia &apos;s membership of international organisations . 
the second big group , who should be to think is the farmers in the new Member States , particularly smallholders . 
in addition , I believe that the creation of new structures is unnecessary and expensive . 
( SV ) Madam President , the global financial crisis shaking the world economy , and now we must quickly many suggestions on how to do so that it does not happen again . 
they are not yet fully released the Soviet Union õigusjärglase - Russia &apos;s military presence . 
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting 
they should not be for the murders of off the hook . 
the resolution is , in my view , the message that the European Union strongly supports the Iraqi people , urging them urged to implement measures against violence and terror and combat decisively democracy and general for human dignity . 
can the Commissioner elaborate opportunity to talk about the impact of the economic crisis in the world trade in agricultural products ? 
that is what this report is about - the creation of framework . 
the undisputable benefit of the approved legislation relating to improving the quality of tyres , and therefore for their safety . 
that is therefore the reason why Greece at the moment is suffering under attack and special needs . 
in fact , we are dealing with a crisis which requires a global approach . the aim is twofold : to enhance the protection of our citizens and to express solidarity with the least developed countries . 
this will provide support for the car industry , which is currently very difficult times . 
in order to maintain this dynamic , once again , the Commission adopted a number of proposals , which then , if these legislative proposals amending , is possible from 2011 to implement , if they were to be adopted at the right time . 
we have already greatly increased its funding , and we hope that through a coordinated effort , together with other donors - the general may rise to up to the level of funding for an equal position with equal level with what is spent on per capita comparable with those countries such as Laos and Cambodia . 
the development of trans-European networks ( TEN ) , which , as Mr Albertini mentioned , I attach a great deal of hope in the development of the railways will lead to a significant change , which obviously increases the proportion of the railway . 
it is high time that the Council recognise the democratic will once and for all , which the majority of Members of the European Parliament expressed here . 
this , in order to be in place clear deadlines , the procedural guarantees and other safeguards is important not only for national authorities , but also for suspected or accused of a crime , and in particular for them . 
the Commission &apos;s proposals contain , however , also aspects that Parliament , and I , as rapporteur , we need less positive . 
we are , of course , in particular with their minds . 
thirdly , the report proposes that the European Parliament , the future European External Action Service - and the EU missions abroad should be liaison officers who are responsible for the protection of human rights defenders . 
it is a budget which meets the demands of the Commission and the Council . 
immigrants come from the European north , east , west and keskosast , so it is the whole European agency , even if he was chosen at random located in Valletta . 
Mrs Muscardini , food sovereignty for the protection of the independence of the European Union , you are always my support there . 
contrary to what has been said , although these arguments rightness has never been identified , do not lead to a car varuosadelt kasuni taking advantage of consumer protection . 
we must encourage the Commission and Member States to start the debate and to implement measures to increase the participation of women in politics . 
secondly , of course , comes down to the voices of those elections and democracy , but also something more . 
investments in district heating cannot be left on the harmonisation of policy without taking into account the view future investments . 
it is legal systems , which notari rights are restricted , the affirmation of the will of the parties that has been expressed . 
it is not a review of the figures 2011-2013 , as Mr Böge , Eider Gardiazábal Rubial , Jutta Haug , Mr Dehaene , Mr Abad said . 
their produce energy is simply too expensive . 
Mr President , this debate has shown that there are at least huge doubts whether the current legislation operate in all Member States , whether they are properly implemented , and whether they are at all is implemented properly . 
there is no justification for this jubedusele . 
in writing . - ( EL ) International and regional agreements has so far not proven to be sufficient in regulating the market and supply of trade and were not able to protect the agricultural produce transparent and stable prices . 
the Palestinian side , however , has not taken any such a step . 
I think that it is a small step forward in reducing the costs of travel from Brussels to Strasbourg . 
through today &apos;s resolution Parliament grants discharge to the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction ( EMCDDA ) for the Executive Director of the Agency &apos;s budget for the financial year 2009 . 
ultimately , it is all of this phenomenon , what Engels called &apos; võltsteadlikkuseks &apos; : they believe that the Tibetans cannot really understand the point at all and therefore should not allow them full democracy . 
as the European Parliament is still trying to add momentum to the pioneering by means of proposals , which I will not , however , now with , because they are not included in the report and my speaking time is running out . 
we strongly oppose the executions , and women &apos;s rights underfoot trampimisele . 
I live on a peninsula , therefore , understand saarlaste mentalities . 
chemical toy safety is not just regulatiivküsimus ; this is also linked to the hygiene and therefore vitally important in ensuring the safety of children . 
however , we must bear in mind that we are legislating for the real world , not does not draw up a wish list ideaalmaailmale , and that the European Parliament should continue to stand by its competences legally . 
we call on the President to ask who belong to the pension fund , it orally now most here in plenary , say , because they have a direct interest in this , which will be debated . 
a new international treaty after the Kyoto conference will take account of the changes that have taken place , especially the Asian inequalities of revenue between giants extraordinary and rapid development : it is indeed the Bali a decisive step in this direction , although this is not the place where there are to begin negotiations on an agreement will be reached , and so it is very important to develop a clear mandate for the negotiations in Bali , precise deadlines and in order to reach the stage of concluding an agreement in 2009 . 
I can to ensure that some of the Member States is an unpleasant awakening in this regard . 
on the other hand , however , would lead to the continued isolation of the feeling of exclusion and avoid the exchange of ideas and , in the worst case scenario , could contribute to narrow-minded nationalism . 
over 60 people have been killed , including foreign citizens and their among the citizens of EU countries , almost 2 000 have been injured and capital in Bangkok is considerable damage . 
I do not know whether the Commission consider - given that we are now very close to the elections - to ensure that every Member State has a targeted group or a number of people eritelefoninumbriga etc . , where candidates can immediately such specific questions to the Commission to obtain information about the access to it . 
I must say that Frontex is now contact the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees . 
we must aim to take decisive topeltdeklareerimise and -läbipaistvuse : those who depositors money in another country , must declare this . 
if we can work with China and Africa to improve good governance , I believe that we will be able to provide assistance and trade and improvements . 
it is therefore important that businesses to be sure that the definition of contaminated areas are used for similar procedures , thereby allowing investment planning . 
it is not clear why the Council and the Commission at this point waived . we are not going to give up , so we will vote against this report because it is important that päritolusertifikaat has been left out . 
if this issue for the first time last month , I argued that arose politicisation of the issue is not only Member States , but also the attack on the undermining of the EU Presidency . 
all these years Zimbabwe has been key to the fate of South Africa , but not only Thabo Mbeki have failed to fulfil their vahendajakohuseid properly , but is blatantly Mugabe taken sides . 
regardless of where in the world for people in itself justifies the development of international trade , in fact , only if it contributes to economic development , employment and , if this improves the quality of life . 
there is a need to increase and regulate the limits of political action . 
we are voting today on the decisions , which approves the European executive directors , supervisory bodies . 
if these companies are not participating in cross-border activities or act even at national level , will create a accountability but unnecessary administrative burden for businesses , which brings to these costs ( approximately EUR the 1 170 ) . 
we adopted the required funding unused põllumajanduskuludest EUR 1.6 billion and EUR 200 million from the flexibility instrument , and the rest , we were able to and making costs through the redistribution of heading 1a . 
if the compromise text is adopted exactly as agreed in the Council , and without amendments , then this text could be a significant step towards the implementation of the Community Strategy Concerning Mercury . 
Madam President , Finland does not have to be ashamed of its julgeolekupoliitilisi solutions . 
we have the draft directive on consumer rights presented by the Commission , the first reading stage . 
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( NL ) Madam President , I am pleased that there is , in fact , two Commissioners . 
in addition , one can be quickly to control the prices of traditional energy sources through regulating prices . 
the amendment to the regulation seeks to the authorisation of this opportunity and expansion sihistades low-income households , in all the Member States . 
we have to realise that the clique in Khartoum fits genotsiidistrateegiaga Bashir in Darfur communities and the distribution of the rebel groups and destruction , in order that the peace negotiations , such as such , which should begin this weekend in Libya , somewhere does not lead us out . 
in any case , the Commission is available for this erivahendid . 
this fact alone has led to his tapmiskatseteni and several political and legal rünnakuni . the governing party , among other things , he was sentenced to 12 years in prison . 
funds will be assessed mudeli-põhist using qualitative analysis . 
I believe that those who believe that things need to be made at the expense of efficient agriculture , putting an end to the inefficient system , support for the benefit of agriculture lõikava believe in a truly sustainable rural development . 
it is obvious that we need more consistency . 
I am absolutely sure that this region and Israel &apos;s security depends on what progress can be precisely to do at the moment . 
I wanted to say that one of the saddest things that I will ever have seen in my life was in Addis Ababa fistula kliinikus several naiskolleegiga where we went as part of a delegation from the ACP . 
of course , the strengthening of the role of Parliament additional responsibilities , greater accountability and more work . 
the Commission encourages the strengthening of the Community in the aviation sector , which she is still too fragmented , above all , in view of the current crisis . 
we support the agricultural production to countries like Portugal , allowing agricultural food production to grow , and , in general , enabling its priority the modernisation of the sector . 
I would not be surprised if we can in the coming days or hours to know the indefinitely postponing . 
a separate target on biogas would put an additional administrative burden both private and public authorities . 
unfortunately , the Commission was against this proposal . 
access to must be laid down in the interinstitutional agreement and , in this regard , there are already negotiations with the Commission and the Council . 
this must include clear and specific commitments , as well as the international community is accomplished the obligations arising from the Millennium Development Goals is still a long way to go . 
we need coordination clear , specific and precisely worded strategy , on the basis of what esindataks outside the euro area with one voice ; we also need a governance through which will continue the work of the Eurogroup , following the direction that we adopted in 2005 Jean-Claude Juncker point located on 1 January . 
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( DE ) Mr President , I , too , first , I would like to thank the rapporteur . 
similarly , it directs the European Union overall policy that will help this debt . out of the debt , which was essential for the European Union , when he was faced with the crisis and social the need to combat the crisis , and to protect the most vulnerable . 
the closure of the party is not and never can be everyday occurrences . 
we in the European Parliament and in the European Union want a strong partnership relations and all the countries of the Middle East , the friendship as soon as possible . 
excessive residues found even müüdavates puuviljades the premises of the European Parliament . 
the first relates to the tööstusstandarditega . 
improving the strengthening of the European judicial area and also means improving the method of justice and modernisation , which in turn will depend on our use of new methods of communication , and this is the essence of the e-Justice project . 
after all , Moldova is Europe close and he must be supported at a time when it is open for Europe . 
moreover , these programmes are not sufficiently coordinated , as is stated several times in this House , the actions of Member States and the lack of coordination and a narrow cooperation between them is also due to the high costs of resettlement , which is why the idea of resettlement , of course , an unpleasant . 
if I can confirm once again that the Copenhagen criteria are not negotiable , particularly when we are talking about human rights and the rights of minorities , and Macedonia and Croatia cannot therefore start complying with the Community acquis and , in particular , on the prevention of discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation . 
Sealtsamast should also be sought from the reasons why there are such huge difficulties in the accession negotiations . 
check Greece , Spain and Portugal , but not mine . 
in the case of a solution of this kind , there are winners and losers , and the last local tens of thousands of civilians , who are fleeing in fear of valitsusüksuste retreating or . 
its effects have not been exempt from any European country . 
billions of euros of additional aid to Greece without clear suunamuutuseta is nothing more than a safety net for the banks . 
what we need to know is what will be the result . 
fight itself national järelevalveameteid akrediteerima and the European Parliament will support you . 
Homogeensus and credibility here is the most important considerations . 
the Czech Republic has a duty to complete the ratification process . 
we believe that it is a permanent stability mechanism , the Commission supported this limited revision of the Treaty in a constructive manner . 
I think that this will help to shape the EU &apos;s future political spordiraamistikku , which we must probably - without ennatlikku decision relating to the Treaty of Lisbon on the development of - to implement already next year . 
to my knowledge , in 2011 , seven months , which is 31 days . 
European strategy for Roma inclusion could be certain professional minimum . 
despite the rapporteur , it is expected that the statement of the draft regulation that third-country citizens enjoy freedom of movement , freedom of establishment and the free access to the labour market for the whole of the European Union ; we must bear in mind that they are all things that - thank God - is not yet become reality . 
over the last four months , the Czech Presidency has been very active and responsibly talks with the European Parliament and submitted to Parliament many compromises with the directive on various themes , in order to find a final solution which is acceptable to both the Council and the European Parliament . 
to meet this requirement , the Commission has made considerable efforts , the aim of which is to enhance dialogue and cooperation between the two main Libya and Turkey , a country that cross the Mediterranean are going on illegal migratory routes . 
look , for example , which we GSM-standardit together in the 1990s created : it was the right decision , which was made at the right time . 
when determining the total allowable catch cod are reflected in a total of changes in the other factors that contribute to kalastussuremusele . 
the High Representative / Vice-President is trying to achieve greater participation by the European Union in international coordination in this context . 
we are talking about the same source still actually come from the same kalavarust , but this source is developing is well known in certain areas . 
this parliamentary procedure is absolutely crazy . 
I think that there is a need for more clarity on the conditions for reimbursement and regulations , which form the basis for a system of prior authorisation , if it is necessary . 
the digital single market also requires determined action by the development of the market in services . 
I know that play their part in this in the European Parliament and the European Union &apos;s financial regulation , and that it has become a very problematic since Jacques Santer Commission procedures ten years ago . 
we must complete agreement . 
Mrs Bauer has infringed the Rules of Procedure of our institution . 
the quality of life of many of the Chinese have improved . 
in view of this , we can see that the European Parliament must intervene as co-legislator in the Economic and Monetary Union , in order to implement fundamental reforms in order to stabilise the necessary . 
( SK ) Tsüaniidi ekstraktsioonitehnikaga associated with environmental damage , so great risk this poses a threat to the life and health of people . 
in writing . - ( PL ) Overweight and obesity are modern epidemics , which has harmful consequences for health and even to people &apos;s lives . 
I believe that the European Social Fund is needed for the individual and simple regulations . 
the rapporteur in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs . - Madam President , I do not want to talk to refer specifically to anyone . 
farmers and aednikud must recognise that bees are toxic products , faced with a completely vulnerable and that they are invaluable helpers their crops growth , and they must be protected as a matter of priority . 
I support this legislation very . 
in fact , it is impossible , and we need to say this at the outset . it requires revision of the Treaties , and this cannot be done within the framework of the citizens &apos; initiative . 
their ( such as Brazil , Russia , India and China ) growth must be based on green technology . 
- ( NL ) Mr President , the report on policy priorities in the fight against citizens from third countries against illegal immigration , which we have just approved , is certainly not the worst of the report , which had never been made here and it actually contains a number of very interesting suggestions , but I think , however , that the report does not tell the whole story as a whole , and that is why I did not vote in favour of it . 
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in the last few hours over 5 000 immigrants arrived in Italy , another 10 000 is the road to take its place as Italy , France and Germany . 
the second point is the need to make it clear that these micro-credits are certainly intended to long-term unemployed , less advantaged and to all the people who cannot obtain credit in the usual manner . 
in addition , maritime areas in order to maintain good environmental conditions in order to comply with the precautionary principle and the need to reassess the 100 miles border islands , since there is a need to introduce 200 miles that ... 
in particular , we need to strengthen policies aimed at the human rights , not the end of the beginning of double standards , which is based on many occasions . 
we need a compromise at first reading , and Parliament has shown the way for proposals that dealt with , for example , the use of sharing . 
these provisions are used for the adoption of the new regulatory procedure with scrutiny . 
you should raise the issue again , if Mr Pöttering is in the Chair . 
although the minutes of an agreement is not my responsibility , I would like you to be aware of the problem . 
( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to say that today &apos;s absence demonstrates the representative of the French Government , on the other hand , this Presidency , who normally very warmly for his political success will be approved . 
the EU must invest in innovation if it is to develop new products and services . 
this situation significantly reduces the competitiveness and profits of our farmers . 
to conclude the debate , I have received one motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with Rule 108 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure . 
in recent years , however , is an epidemic which broke out several bluetongue , which has affected many Member States , including in central and northern Europe , and caused great damage livestock farming and complicated the disruption of trade . 
as Professor Monti rightly observed is known as the Member States of the EU to the issue of a certain type of frustration of the market , but that is precisely what we have now is more than ever we need a strong common market . this has shown the crisis of the last few months . 
reserve should become thinking provotseerivaks policy . 
( the oral amendment was accepted ) 
Lõunamaad lose USD 1 000 billion every year , which illegally , and this will be transferred to the north over 350 billion is going through tax havens . 
they should , of course , be in line with the World Trade Organisation . 
finding an answer to these serious questions is a difficult task for the EU &apos;s common foreign policy . 
the European Commission &apos;s seven priority areas are clear and I urge premier , Igor Lukšići Government tackle them resolutely . as a result of Montenegro the opening of negotiations on fully-fledged membership . 
in addition , we need to share the burden within the EU . 
this is a sensitive area that affects the social values associated with gaming aberrant behaviour in relation to national tradition , and also to the amounts received social funding from this market . 
( NL ) Madam President , if nothing else has not been achieved , then it is the negotiations with Turkey helped the Commission and the Council to improve the use of eufemismide art . 
Mr Bonde proposal was not thought through and violating the current Statute . 
in writing . - ( FR ) The European Union , a symbol of human rights throughout the world on its territory , must guarantee the fair treatment of third country citizens who are living and working on them out inclusive policy . 
however , we also need to take account of the related to public health problems . 
our proposal clarifies the situation and oblige the Member States to apply the requisite labelling regulations . 
I believe that we can only if we achieve a majority approval . 
in this context , I welcome the amendments made by Mrs Buitenweg , on behalf of the Greens , and I thank him for the important contribution . 
this could be haridusühiskond , which also extends to the body education and activities . 
secondly , we need to act in order to improve risk management and economic governance . 
we have avoided if a meaningful võrdusmärki from any of the existing between the country and a terrorist group . 
it is a clear attempt by Parliament of this important matter aside and Parliament &apos;s Legal Service has stated that this proposal could have been used to choose a different legal basis , which would have allowed the full involvement of Parliament in the process . 
we have known for decades that smugglers , trafficking in human beings is a criminal interest , and that it is often against their poorly paid and poorly houses accomplices relating to the supply of illegal workers . 
I have major conditions in the voting on Amendment 6 , which was put forward by one of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) on behalf of a group of Members . 
it means lowering the costs of their use every miiliga at a time when fuel prices are at record highs . 
in response to the crisis , the EIB has substantially extended our objectives : in order to help businesses and to support the economic recovery , the EIB significantly increased its lending , paying out EUR 10 billion more than expected . 
there are very many aspects and President Buzek has always said that we need an EU energiaühendust . 
I do not agree with this view . 
one of the major political parties almost folded Poland recently being , because it has threatened the removal of subsidies after the small financial errors . 
this decision must be abolished , because otherwise it will not be able to any country out of political stalemate and will increase the number of acts of violence , which has already been announced . 
where is the effective cars , which Europeans wanted obsesses massitootmisest markets of the future ? 
a total of eight obsolete and repeal of outdated directive will enable us to take one more step towards a Europe with less bureaucracy . 
in my opinion , is a moral support to the proposal for the inclusion of a very important here . 
and yet one observation : I assume that the relevant measures have already been taken in relation to the system of the current budgetary support , according to which the provision of aid would be suspended , as there is in this situation after the elections in Kenya . 
Mr Bono &apos;s report is one of them . 
I would like to ask the Commissioner and our programmes to allocate funds for research in this area , in order to make these directions to be reversed and improve women &apos;s state of health . 
Italy has taken up this proposal particularly interested in regard to what is happening in Milan EXPO 2015 . 
when we talk about the situation in East Jerusalem , I fully support the Presidency &apos;s initiative and the desire to achieve clarity of Jerusalem as the capital of two states on the role and determination in this regard , how important it is that Israel has suspended the settlement freeze in East Jerusalem . 
Mander and its people require common acquis , at least some form of ... to some extent what lawyer calls üldosaks . 
I voted in favour of the report because it includes special provisions to promote consumer interests . 
ladies and gentlemen , this is not the only one such case . 
this means that we need to measure this , what is the situation like today and what we can do better . 
I would like to stress that , on the one hand , the agreement gives national parliaments more influence and , on the other hand , it is based on the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union , in this area by consolidating and keeping this human rights and the rights of minorities , laying down the validity of the document . 
the European plan for the car industry must be forward-looking and be based on knowledge and development , not kehvematel conditions . 
( SK ) Mr President , the current studies on the impact of climate change the European forests shows that metsaökosüsteemid will react to this very differently depending on the regions . 
I congratulate the European Parliament and all the European Union citizens , and also the rapporteur on the fact that was adopted today decisions , which should include the promotion of more specific and more targeted action at the cancer patient treatment and prevention of cancer . 
the financial crisis is the focus of attention , and rightly so . 
we all know that the European Regional Development Fund , the European Social Fund , the common agricultural policy fund and other funds level , it is the Member States that will add our own European halduskeerukusele still difficulties . 
I will finish requirement , Prime Minister . 
this other than the legislative report emphasises that the directive can further integrate the EU &apos;s economy . 
finally , I would like once again to thank Mr Staes for his excellent work on this proposal , which is very difficult , but at the same time , an extremely important for the environment and human health . 
the implementation of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund in this report on the revision of the general regulation is particularly important for the citizens of the European Union . 
Mr President , when the Spanish Prime Minister , José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero , the Spanish Presidency has been solemnly opened in Strasbourg , he considered speech on the Europe 2020 programme , without once mention why the Lisbon Strategy failed at all . 
however , this means a ban on all forms of terrorism and violence and cooperation on the implementation of the human rights strategy . 
this is so important . 
the European social model is an active society model in place , which is active on the labour market . 
minorities are persecuted , particularly the Baha &apos;i usurühmitust . 
in writing . - ( ES ) Mr Häusling report on the protein deficit in Europe and the search for solutions , contains some good ideas , such as support for those farmers who contribute to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions . 
thanks to the keemiale we have vaccines and antibiotics , which is our life expectancy , have new energy sources and chemistry are the key to improving the development and food . 
what is the state of play with the introduction of a common consolidated tax base , and the discussions on this matter , in the light of the concerns expressed by the Irish electorate of the Lisbon vote , whether the Commission has changed its approach in any way ? 
therefore strengthens the Small Business Act in the implementation of the competitiveness aspect . 
we proposed to the European Council , of course , täisformaadi out . 
the solution is national statements . 
firstly , the Community preference system too rapid dismantling may be and is still some ACP banana-exporting severe consequences for the country . 
more needs to be done to efforts to improve the skills of adults and achieve the flexibility and security throughout the labour market . 
certain restrictions are linked to the Court of Justice of the European Union , the European Central Bank and the European Investment Bank &apos;s documents , but also this area is now considerably broader than before . 
more than 13 million poor escape benefit from the programme , 19 Member States Parties and the fact that it has become a stable effect implemented during sekkumistoodete indisputably to show the value of the programme . 
every committee therefore considers that his one of the most important task is to ensure that our right of not just empty words . 
but then , if Roma pargivad its vankrid our inaccessible to the representatives of the political class murule houses , they can make its position with regard to the benefits of EU membership . 
internetitellimusi publishers will still offer its website , or in any other way , but they are no longer being processed orders through the application , using Apple &apos;it as a mediator . 
we might well to debate an abstract campaigns . 
the Valencian textile market is Europe , and Europe , more specifically , France , Italy and Germany . 
I am pleased to be in the European Parliament . 
the target to reduce the education drop-out rates and increasing the share of the population with higher education has not yet been quantified and also stated aim is not to promote social integration and , above all , in order to reduce poverty . 
I am in favour of adult education . 
it is for the European Union , in this case , a major challenge : to be able to present successfully to launch and to support such European funds and projects , which can be used and the launch of women living in rural areas . 
the UN announced recently that at least 20 000 people have fled to the South and the town of Abyei left , if the Northern army tõmbus out of this region . 
in other words , have emerged in these negotiations , the three main bloc . 
in Laos is this ruling Communist Party programme , according to which the result of Christianity is treated as a religion , which represents the West imperialism . 
this is particularly the case because we know that the Council intends to cut its budget by 4 % and the Commission only 1 % increase , the Committee of the Regions increases it around 2.9 % and the Economic and Social Committee even less . 
as you know , requires the generalised system of preferences around 30 human rights , labour law , environmental protection and good governance standards international conventions on the ratification . 
it is no longer formal pretexts avoid them . 
nevertheless , I would like to highlight four issues which I regard as being very important . 
( DE ) Mr President , I would like particularly to thank both rapporteurs . 
the European border is is sparsely if sõelapõhi . 
in writing . - ( IT ) Ford &apos;s report is part of the legislative package for reforming economic governance , which consists of six reports resulting from consigning months of negotiations . 
physical security and energy security , food security is one of the main pillars , which is important both for the people of the country , as well as for each individual . 
after all , it is the people of Guantánamo prisoners and not such people with whom lightly . 
it certainly was not . 
let me one point was particularly important to ! 
ladies and gentlemen , I see that some Members have come into the Chamber after Question Time to begin and not aware of large , no , no endeavour to which we have been taken into account . 
it seems to me that , when we are trying to deal with challenges such as the economic crisis and the need to generate growth , then we should not treat as a priority of the fight against global warming . 
the first question is how we can improve energy efficiency and energy efficiency ? 
what is the result - the Member States are beginning to compete with each other in this who most greater debt funds allows . 
the problem is , Commissioner , that today is the case-law of the European Court of Justice has created a consistent , which says that one country to come from workers can work in another country with less than 50 % of the salary under the directive , which I must say was created precisely to prevent this . 
today &apos;s debate , which , in my opinion , includes all the important aspects including the neighbourhood policy , has become a long and intense . 
this debate is very necessary . 
this is the first unfair fact . 
thank you very much . 
can you confirm that you will hopefully have more support here in this Parliament , when some other Commissioners would have received . 
twenty days ago the same difficult fate , my country , Italy , Veneto County , where it was two surmajuhtu Friuli-Venezia Giulia , Liguuria and Calabrian County , where within each one was one inimohver Salerno , and in the province of Campania and Tuscany and county where three people died and were injured , tens of people who came out mudast and kivipurust . Rovigos one person is still missing . 
this was an important event , to discuss the possible courses of action , which could help to operators in order to support economic recovery and growth . 
we also need to decide whether to account is taken of the whole legal person or only the Bureau . 
the EU &apos;s commitment to cannot and must not to cave in to the belief that all now goes by itself . 
we need to increase the proportion of renewable energy , the energy efficiency of buildings and products , and investment in research and the steps to alleviate the effects of climate change . 
Mr Medina Ortega is trying in my report to be very concrete in this regard and I welcome this , but the legislator &apos;s desire to use alternative legislative methods , except black not disappear . 
we adopted the brutal action of one side and against another . 
3 . 
the EU has for most of the ACP countries , the most important trading partner . 
they are interpreted in such a way . 
following on from this equivalent , I would like to draw attention to the fact that if the same a child should be in the future , Romanian or Bulgarian farmers , I would say that it will be eight years after it , which he deserved . 
the way to overcome the opposition to the Eurovignette and to create the conditions for a legal framework and the approval for the efficient functioning of the directive is to ensure , firstly , a strict , transparent and rapid application in all Member States and , secondly , to ensure that the revenues would be redirected osamakseliste tools in the transport infrastructure , not to be used to meet these infamous deficits . 
in fact , it is crucial to see what is happening on the ground accession : in view of the major political breakthroughs , but also , and above all , absolutely practical changes which will benefit the people who live there . 
( the oral amendment was not accepted ) 
countries , international organisations and individuals reacted to the occupying forces to violence by sending Vilniusesse toetussõnumeid . 
your attention is drawn to also the Council adopted conclusions in June of the Global Approach to &apos; enlargement and building . 
this must be expanded , and it must be made more flexible . 
the Council behind closed doors are not able to adopt a common position . 
the European structural policy area has created a new instrument , JEREMIE toetusalgatus , particularly in relation to small and medium-sized enterprises better access to capital . 
the EU and the international community &apos;s opportunities to make the Somali reality is modest . 
it is a budget for the European regions . 
in particular , as regards SIS IIga problem , which has been delayed vastuvõetamatutel reasons , and which Parliament is much criticised . 
however , you have not given a clear answer to my question . 
this does not bode well at all in the context in which the government edastuskanali criticised the news following the closure of the constant protests , during which põrkusid students and opositsiooniliikmed repeatedly violently together with the security forces . 
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , your country , is in the next six months , the Presidency of the European Union . 
we neglected the idea of national special arrangements , because the labelling system should , as far as possible to be uniform . 
you want to get rid of them , which means that , in 2013 , our contribution is GBP 13 billion . 
Member States must therefore immediately launch a thorough existing buildings renoveerimiste programme by 2050 in order to achieve the already existing buildings environment nearly zero energy consumption rates . 
the greatest possible the length of the detention period is an important element of the Directive . 
this is the case at the moment . 
instead , I conclude that greater mutual responsibility and solidarity must be accompanied by the mutual intervention . 
then I propose to adopt the Council &apos;s conclusions from the Commission communication on the proper deforestation . 
it certainly is the very least that can ask the Members of this Parliament . 
then we must closely monitor whether South Sudan is actually ready to comply with this agreement . 
( PL ) Mr President , the Union &apos;s relations with Russia must be bi-directional . 
in writing . - ( FR ) I voted in favour of the European Medicines Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of its budget for the financial year 2006 on the basis of the report by my Austrian colleague Mr Hans-Peter Martin , which recommends to Parliament to give discharge to the director . 
these measures are , in my opinion , an excellent example to others as well . 
Madam President , the review of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court , let us remind ourselves that its creation it marks a success liberal democracy and effective commitment on the part of the development of international law . 
the groups have the duty to participate in debates . 
thank you . 
for the first time the European Union was able to explicitly recognise the summit conclusions of last year , the study , which we tabled some time ago now , and also the European Union &apos;s agenda for culture in the age of globalisation . 
we have talked a lot about men and women equal rights , equal opportunities on the labour market and it is clear that a longer leave - and paternity leave as well , including - in order to create a better basis . 
in writing . - ( PT ) Naistel is an ever greater role in agriculture and rural areas . 
you have already mentioned this evening , that we must indeed pay particular attention to the efficiency and costs . 
in addition , carriers in connection with complaints and launch a means of redress system , which is in line with the regulation of rights and obligations . 
on 15 July had only one objection and it came from you yourselves . 
in a situation where there are market players develop internal credit default assessment of their regulatory on capital requirements , is an intrinsic conflict of interests . 
( SK ) the Goldstone report , which we are debating the conclusions and recommendations , ignores Israel &apos;s right to defend itself . 
at the moment , this is quite a big - almost 40 % of total energy consumption . 
the people who live in ghettos , however , is around 900 million , at least , so the matter and the Commissioner is opposed to this ? 
now , however , it is still too early to discuss what these measures might include . 
alcohol has its part of the majority of killings and it causes roads 17 000 unnecessary deaths per year . 
although these two directives operate independently in theory , they are dependent on each other in practice . 
unclear co-financing regulations ; 
in paragraph 2 states that one of the main topic of the summit we are discussing should be &apos; the transaction tax or bank levy at global level sisseviimise question &apos; . 
within the framework of the Stabilisation and Association Agreement , the Commission has negotiated free trade agreements , in order to create the conditions for political and economic reforms and to establish a basis for the integration of the Western Balkans to the European Union , for example , through the alignment of the acquis communautaire . 
we should bear in mind the facts and if we refer to persecution , we should remember who who is giving . 
it was , and now we know that the reason was komisjonisisene discussion about whether to appoint a separate value for tar sands . 
we need to feed the poor , especially in the current economic crisis , and I support programme to the changes which will achieve this objective . 
in order to find a way out of this crisis , must be immediately to elect the President of the Republic , and the formation of a new government in accordance with the Constitution . 
written statements ( Rule 142 of the Rules of Procedure ) 
EU society is ageing , and therefore should not be influx of migrants to see only the European tööjõuturgudele as a threat . 
it is there , but everything he does not recognise the rapporteur , although it has . 
ladies and gentlemen , the reason why these lippudel portrayed crosses does not differ reasons why ripuvad crucifixes from Italian klassiruumide on the wall , and it is not so much religious reason , but rather is linked to culture and traditions . 
according to the representative of the European External Action Service was spent on this money reforms . 
a small vuntsimisest is not enough . 
4 . 
GDP growth is increasingly dependent on the services sector . 
Parliament on 2 February 2006 resolution recommends that Member States establish täisleppimatus against all forms of violence against women , and to take the measures necessary to ensure better protection for victims . 
this is an attempt to make us small and weak . 
we also demand that products are manufactured in decent working conditions , in humanitarian crises without facing the dangers to the health and safety of workers . 
transparency is important and this is increasing in importance in the age of globalisation . 
we want to ensure that there is adequate incentives for everyone to act to limit global warming , and to adapt the economic policies that promote a climate friendly development . 
the European Union has no authority in this area . 
this type of beverages in certain regions of Europe is part of the culture and provide an important contribution to the local economy . 
a new investigation was launched recently Manchester Airport , and this is a legal advice , the use of these machines in the picture of minors may be violated due to the nature of children &apos;s safety and kaitseseadusi . 
the European Council is expected to confirms once again the European Commission at the end of last year and initiates the decision made by the accession process . 
there is nothing to show that consumers any real benefit . 
I can assure you that you have the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , the full support of all tegemistele forthcoming period . 
and if you decide to move away from , you must face up to the debt of the euro zone , which has grown your lost value the currency . 
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance . 
now , one year after the new legislation comes into force , the irreversible data show that European producers are going to adapt their production systems , but this will not happen without any difficulty . 
for this reason , it is vital to begin dialogue with all parties , the Chadian Government , between the opposition and the rebels , which was adopted , in accordance with international standards obligation , bearing in mind the 2009 free elections . 
mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund : Odense Steel Shipyard / Denmark ( 
in addition , the Commission &apos;s communication is delaying fulfilling the commitments made . 
democratic guarantees surrounded by a transatlantic security is important lühistamiseks the financing of terrorism . 
in accordance with the decision taken by the Commission last week , the General Affairs will be subject to be discussed again after the Commission has delivered its opinion . 
President Barroso reminded us yesterday in this House that the first summit in Washington took place at the initiative of the French Presidency , and President Sarkozy &apos;s cooperation with the Commission . 
although the European Union remains firmly committed and interlinked is not really clear how far in the coming weeks debate leads . 
the EU should not make legislation without a strong reason . 
1 . 
clarity is very important to monitor what is happening there . 
collective bargaining does not mean something . 
it has been a tough struggle . 
so far is widespread illegal waste shipment outside the EU . 
I agree with the report and it fills me with great joy because it provides for applicants for international protection , including refugees , new rights . 
finally , I would like to say that the Commission recognises the need to include the issue of climate change , better its own aid programmes , and to do this in close cooperation with partner countries and arengupartneritega at national level . 
in writing . - ( RO ) Mr Reul &apos;s report is the current economic crisis and the problems of climate change in view of the extremely important . 
if , however , both important industry , such as the car industry itself somewhat õnnetuna feels more needs to be done . 
despite the fact that a number of different reasons for the spread of the various very origins have contributed to this phenomenon , I would like to emphasise this important aspect , namely immigration äärmusluseteemalisel debate . 
signature of acts adopted under codecision : see Minutes 
I do not think that it would help no one , certainly not in the poorest countries . 
why do I this spordisündmusest talking about ? 
we cannot allow the NEAFC decisions that the European Union takes the implementation of time for years . 
it is an election year and the year when Europe is also very extensively internationally committed to climate protection . 
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , we have already long strongly believed that the European Union &apos;s strategy for Central Asia is very important in the countries of Central Asia and will make a positive contribution to security , stability and prosperity . 
human rights must be included in the constitution and must also be implemented in practice . 
it can supplement the knowledge society healthy lifestyles by , for example , through education campaigns and measures , but not replace them knowledge . 
it is one of the freedom of the press sõlmküsimustest and without it cannot be our community substantive freedom of expression . 
we did this despite the fact that in the explanation of my was section , which it confirmed that the EU should move towards a low carbon economy . 
the European Commission &apos;s legislative proposals on over-the-counter derivatives and on short selling , it is also essential to make the financial system more transparent and more flexible . 
although the intentions are good this motion for a resolution , which aims to protect European citizens cannot , however , rule out the inappropriate use of these important data . 
we are currently mõõnaperioodis cycle . 
we must also help in the case of medicines , its own producers , but I think that we all agree that it must not do so that it will , unfortunately , to those who are dependent on access to cheap drugs . 
I say that it is possible to support the European structural economic policy , pooldamata at the same time , an increase in the deficit . 
I believe that , before taking up new measures we need to assess the full systematic application of existing mechanisms , in order to prevent the creation of a major problems to those that we are trying to overcome . 
we support the rights of citizens and the protection of consumers in the international European trade . 
Mr President , let me remind you that , in Qatar , everyone is still a delicate public opinion consultation . 
this is particularly true in the case of European manufacturing companies on the global division of labour . 
ladies and gentlemen , I am of the opinion that we must be very careful , bearing in mind the experience of Tunisia , Egypt and Libya , and that the European Union should the insistence on respect for international law to be much stricter . 
Lisavolitustega entails responsibility and for the post-2013 common agricultural policy ( CAP ) the Lyon report on the future of the approval of this shows that the European Parliament will take their responsibility seriously . 
at the same time , however , this regulation is not the responsibility of the ingredients for the origin of the product . 
as regards kaubandusküsimust last year , the European Union - the Japanese summit , we agreed that we are going to explore the possibilities of how best to improve our relations . 
we can no longer see themselves or be perceived as a separate from Europe . 
I have just said , Mrs Blinkevičiūtė that pension funds are major institutional investors . 
in this situation , it is hard to imagine a both foreign investment and regionally äritegevusse guidance . 
I voted in favour of the adoption of the EU Strategy for the first time , during which was collected information on the situation of young people in Europe , and also to the Commission defined three priorities of youth policy . 
in 1989 , we were clearly aware of the situation and we consulted with a number of people living abroad . 
Vice-President of the Commission . - I can say that the Plan D katsetamisel played a key role in the new methods by which citizens from all those NGOs which involve elualadelt discussions on the future of Europe . 
rapporteur . - Mr President , first of all , it should be said that no one should be tightening up of the safety standards and greater safety . 
the press builds on the citizens and väärtõlgendustega conflicting information on a daily basis . 
among the measures recommended , I would pick out the development of equality plans of domestic violence and fight against the proclamation of the European year dedicated to this issue . 
closer connection with countries who do not form part of the area of freedom , security and justice , of international crime must not promote growth and to simplify the smuggling and trafficking in human beings . 
whether it is a member of the European Council , the police käitumisstandardid democratic country ? 
Mr President , I would finally like to thank our rapporteur . 
I do not know how long we are able to hold out , little by little that kill many people every day is the same reprehensible and killing a large number of people in one day . 
all the discussions held on this subject must be transparent , in order to increase public awareness and to ensure that people &apos;s support for our initiatives . 
this means that in the area of the protection of the entry into force of the SWIFT agreement does not give added value . 
I believe that this directive will increase the number of organs thanks to better cooperation and cross-border elundivahetustele and links in the new Member States in a fundamental way . 
we need to act rigorously . 
if this Council meeting , this could be the motto is &apos; we do not have the time to waste &apos; . 
however , this agreement is the first step , which brings together the majority of the parties and provides the basis for the obligation to reduce , finance , measured , spread and control measures to alleviate climate change and to fight against deforestation . 
what role will the Commission , Member States and the regions play ? 
but why ? 
the problem of global warming , which is one of the fundamental issues of today &apos;s world is plagued by . 
now is the time one month jõululaupäevani . I have one large jõulusoov , and that is that , if climate conference is over and the participants does not behave more operators and tehnikutena who speak only be and quotas , we will finally have a political debate on what a real and practical and our planet can be done to improve the conditions of its inhabitants . 
however , it should not come as a surprise to us , given that MI5 pointed out in its own time our latest foreign policy on the High Representative that she has sümpaatsed Communist views , and if he was CND treasurer , she took money from the Soviet bloc to undermine their national defence policy . 
the European kõrgtehnoloogiline advantage in the future will allow us to use the full potential of the &apos; green economy &apos; and benefits . 
it is , however , been pointed out , the most stringent standards that we should apply the toy sector . 
in view of the countries of south-eastern Europe and impeeriumide disintegration for a long history , was the right and it is good that it is precisely this troubled region countries are being offered the opportunity to become a member of the European Union . 
now , when maavägesid is attacked , is , in my opinion , a reason to ask whether a no-fly zone was created for that purpose . 
Guinea 
people are tortured . 
young people need to enter the labour market support in order to secure the future of their own and to the economy as a whole . 
( PT ) Madam President , I would like to take this opportunity to express our solidarity with the 100 000 Portuguese country , who demonstrated impressive in Lisbon on 8 March and aukartustäratava &apos; Meelepaha publication of &apos; march , organised by the Portuguese Riiklik Õpetajate Federation . 
who is talking about tens of millions and millions of those in Europe who is in a difficult social situation and who do not have access to the labour market at any level ? 
we approved under the provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon , based on the delegated acts ( I am finishing ) . 
I had a very clear picture of a country where there is no proper market economy and where the government is interfering in far too many of the judiciary , media and business activities . 
these 19 cases 17 were small businesses three or less employees . 
for this reason , I am concerned that these trade preferences to give the impression that we reward the Pakistani Government for the fact that he did something about this . 
in writing . - ( RO ) Although the number of women in the labour market for the first time in history , the number of men is higher , persistent or cases of discrimination . 
and this is what we have done in the past few years after the European Council adopted in December 2006 , the European Parliament and of the renewed consensus on enlargement . 
it is no wonder that we are faced with the climate change disaster and biological vaesumisega . 
Madam President , these reports are , at best , full of paradokse , in the worst case scenario , but utterly hypocritical . 
the European Union should through the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy to freedom of religion and belief and religious communities , including Christians , one of the priorities of the Union &apos;s security in international relations . 
the fight against corruption in sport - the missing persons in Cyprus , the work of the Commission ( written declarations ) 
undoubtedly , will come back to this debate in the summer of 2011 , when the Commission presents a number of new ways to finance the EU . 
one of the great Czech once said : &apos; I no longer : of was expecting is made at the gates ; it is my work . &apos; 
immediately after the vote will begin with the study that the introduction of the possibility of a European system . 
the importance of the agricultural sector in Nagoya must address the issue of the environment , and this should be central to the future of the common agricultural policy and the future of the debate on the budget . 
therefore , I would suggest rather to concentrate on the quality of the accommodation of animals during transportation and pardaloleku period , it is not cutting we animal sisse- and export of Ireland . 
the opposite - saladuslikkus and documents peitmine - is causing mistrust and marginalisation and may sometimes to contribute to the development of corruption and the abuse of power . 
I would like to hear the truth and that Mr Weber would confirm whether these statements , he has been done and , if not , I would like to reject these openly and would send a copy of the Parliament , in order to avoid upsetting the public opinion of this type of conflict . 
the Government of the Slovak Republic is among those who carry out the bilateral discussions with the United States , in a true in the belief that , as a result of these discussions in Washington faster and is abivalmim . 
there is an increasing need for accurate , timely and comparable statistical data on job vacancies in Europe , and in accordance with the employment sectors , particularly after the launch of the renewed Lisbon action plan in 2005 . 
we support Poland , but the country will also realise that , as one of the major countries of Europe is that both the rights and responsibilities . 
what did we achieve ? 
I therefore recognise that the fact that the report calls for the creation of infrastructure , which will allow it to assess the effects of the draft and the proposals drafted in Parliament . 
however , this amendment was not formulated appropriately in order to achieve this objective , and its adoption would lead to an end to the whole compromise . 
the next item is the Commission statement on the revision of EU instruments to support SME finance in the next programming period on practical matters . 
on the one hand , the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , about six months ago , and on the other hand , the global financial and economic crisis , its impact on the European Union &apos;s response to the crisis and will undoubtedly mean , in the life of the European Union that we have reached the end of an era and the beginning of a new one . 
why is the creation of airspace jointly used for both civil and militaarlendudeks united Europe so long ? 
we cannot return to the wild capitalism to extremes , Oliver Twisti world ! 
in the meantime , however , the EU encourages Belarus to take further irreversible steps towards democratic standards , without which our relationship cannot develop to its full potential . 
Ana Gomesil and Barbara Lochbihleril is right when they say that we should support the events in Egypt and Tunisia , and these events should merit our attention and , indeed , which we are debating today offers this possibility of financing instruments , particularly the instrument for the promotion of democracy and human rights worldwide . 
the EU had just their licences in these waters upgraded and also these people were all of this to be seen in the past . 
good imminent Christmas all ! 
food security is not possible , if it is not guaranteed producers economic sustainability . 
however , I do not agree that this plenary session the vote on the calendar of part-sessions for 2013 . 
in writing . - ( FR ) following the Treaty of Lisbon lays down in this report that the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation ( NATO ) must be ühiskaitse foundation of the EU Member States . 
the Commission needs to centralise the information which is linked to the activities of the Member States to combat tax fraud , show what action was the most successful , and to recommend what instruments must sobivaimateks punishing &apos;s . 
recently , was arrested kahtlustatuna albino killings or injuries 173 person . 
deputising for the author . - ( DE ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , you are certainly familiar with the Internet fully searchable Google . 
this , in turn , could undermine the credibility of the European Union in relation to the General Fisheries Commission for the Mediterranean and other international kalandusorganisatsioonidega . 
we want to draw attention to the fact that the number of provinces oopiumivabade Afghanistan has doubled in the course of this year . 
I now come to the second question , which is the SET plan , which we are discussing here . 
he has visited the Romanian Parliament and supported the Boc government and Traian Băsescut . 
you mentioned the improvement of public transport , increasing road safety and environmental aspects of train drivers and satelliitnavigatsioonis . 
in the last few days discussions positions on määramiste give me the fear that we are not looking for the best solution for Europe , but the easiest solution for the Member States and the political groups . 
why is this the case ? 
following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , Parliament &apos;s opinion is only binding , but already signed with the text ; Parliament will not be able to submit its proposals on the content of and amend it . 
Mr President , by its very nature - and I agree - are the problems that we are trying to resolve these two document , serious and very often a truly tragic . 
the problem is also intended to support SMEs , the fragmentation of the programmes . 
this would enable us to tackle merepiraatlusega - a phenomenon which , in recent years we have been witnessing comeback , as well as to protect the natural heritage of these areas , in order to prevent disasters and arheoloogiat , which would have the baleful consequences of the development of coastal regions in the EU . 
in writing . - ( PT ) I agree that the position adopted on delegated acts must be repeated at second reading , and this is to be commended . 
in this regard , the People &apos;s Republic of China , as a member of the UN Security Council must assume the responsibility and exert pressure on North Korea . 
Mr Brok admits that without serious muutuseta in the current EU policies , could undermine the enlargement of the EU &apos;s internal unity . 
I believe that it would be useful - and I make this proposal - to call on 12 so-called new Member States to work with the Commission , within the framework of the programme of the 10th European Development Fund . 
as others have said , is considered a crime against counterfeiting often victimless crime , but it is far from it now , as we have also spoken . 
here I have in mind , for example , the ravimivaldkonna inventions . 
they are suffering under the same market abuse disciplines if other actors on financial markets . 
as the main objectives of this review is to simplify and give out the new version of the Regulation and , at the same time , to reduce unnecessary administrative burdens , thus leading to the Commission &apos;s obligation to achieve better regulation , to ensure compliance with the Montreal Protocol amended in 2007 , to ensure that in future , the weakness of the problems , nipping incipient problems are resolved the ozone layer recovery , and to avoid any negative impact on human health and to the ecosystem , I voted in favour of this legislation . 
so I appreciate , which have been made here today , and I think that we should also tackle the issue of credit rating agencies from today finantsterroristide and profiteers , who devastating human lives and are trying to overthrow the sovereign governments . 
they have to know if animals whose meat they are consuming , have been fed genetically modified feed . 
the EU &apos;s Data Protection Directive does not apply to the country &apos;s activities kriminaalvaldkonnas and in this case also does not apply the framework decision on data protection in relation to the police and judicial cooperation , because no EU Member State , does not participate in the delivery of the US court and personal data is not sent out and revealed the competent authority in another Member State . 
a community of people is characterised by its advantages and the strengths and the shortcomings and weaknesses . 
it also would not have been possible . 
issues such as lifelong learning algavadki , of course , the teachers . 
this , I fear , is making of Iceland &apos;s property . 
I would also like to stress the need for the Commission to review the 2007-2013 programming period regulations for simplification measures at the time when the reaction to the current economic crisis . 
I think that it is time for the Commission to implement this article . 
my goodness ! 
thanks to the experience gained from the European Union budget is already allocated during the various bodies responsible for civil protection and coordinate their activities . 
the Council must be able to provide all necessary information to the Members of the European Parliament , which will enable Parliament to adopt a proper and fair decision . 
we can discuss whether these plans would become be or should have been mahukamad . 
the aim of this directive is to establish a common system of VAT invoicing , simplification and through reducing administrative burdens ; this is essential in order to achieve a greater level of the internal market and company unfounded in order to reduce costs . 
cooperation between universities and business is one option - no , it is more than an opportunity ; that is essential . 
it is therefore necessary to update the legislation on the collection of data and statistics . 
however , ban must be based on scientifically substantiated dogmadel and not on political decisions . 
Mr President , despite its dire consequences of international terrorism , unfortunately , the issue which is the subject of controversy . 
a technical , autonomous and independent body must precisely the IAEA proposals in this area , which the EU , for its part , the proper support , not the other way round . 
given that the vote on the coordination of social security in order to reach it has taken several years , we have been happy to work with the Finnish , German , Portuguese , Slovenia and France . 
so if we want to assure the European side of Kosovo and to ensure the stability of the Balkan region , we must have a common approach for the entire region and particularly in Kosovo . 
a few kuupärast , he ago , when it was fulfilled its role for the European Parliament to ridicule . 
initiatives can be implemented but , unfortunately , only if they meet the specific protseduurireeglitele or the fundamental values of the European Union , in order to prevent the use of this instrument vastavusnõuetele anti-democratic purposes . 
others , like Mr Swoboda and Mr Jan Marinus Wiersma , emphasise that we should not follow mustvalget approach and that Ukraine deserves some attention - you too have a right to . do not , of course , Ukraine things easier . 
thank you for your speech , Mr Rodríguez Zapatero . 
we must be another Commissioner , because we need to this issue seriously , we must realise that Europe is security problems , and that there are some things we can do together , using the added value at European level . it Commissioner also addresses other issues , but always follows the same spirit - it must always to the security and fully respects the individual freedoms and fundamental rights . 
they marched happily work on the shoulders of the kirved and shovels . 
all measures which will improve their national circumstances , is very important . 
- ( CS ) Mr President , I would like to explain why I abstained from voting on the report by Mr Hutchinson . 
that would be a clear - the European Conservatives and Reformists are this legislation , we are opposed to the idea of transnational political parties . 
Mr President , a member of the European Union proposed countries are relatively poor . 
the European Union is divided into north and lõunaleeri , be the subject of textile quotas or the reform of the trade defence instruments . 
without going into the detailed comments made about the content of this report , which can be put a great deal of criticism , I would like to draw attention to one of the article , which I am voting , although I have caused the Commission to reject the amendment to delete the intended . 
in writing . - ( NL ) A strong common agricultural policy with adequate resources is necessary in order to guarantee food safety . 
and we can also clearly to involve the European Investment Bank in this area . 
we also have the second list of countries whose citizens are exempt from this requirement . 
( PL ) Mr President , 87 years ago , the then Soviet Union and communism the world leader Vladimir Ilyich Lenin share Georgia three regions . 
bussitransporti offer companies should be responsible for the death or bodily injuries resulting from the losses and damage , for if they arose to the use of transport services in the event of accidents . 
the Council called on the Chad and the Sudanese Government to fulfil the Tripoli agreement commitments and , above all , to cease the instability in the region of assisting the armed groups . 
the Transnistria region has been mentioned here . 
the same applies to the Social Fund . 
we know that some terrible people affecting consequence is not opposed to any veenvatel on evidence-based assessments regarding relocations and actual not moving to other Member States or repeated requirements on prevention , although was created precisely for these reasons , the Dublin system . 
in particular , this shows us that we urgently need to pay more attention to abandon nuclear energy and renewable alternative energy sources . 
Internet access providers may be forced to break off internet access the customer or to give information on them . 
we feel that the importance of adopting raamõigusakti is that it will increase competition on the market without having to be revised , due to the level of consumer protection . 
one and the same instrument can be used very piiraval or in a very comprehensive way . 
we also need a more effective and kaitsvamat a common European asylum system . 
this is all political võtme-eesmärk development of these countries . 
but I warn you - we simply do not give their consent to any agreement . 
a moment ago Mr Sonik has reminded us of how what devastation to make this pollution , for example , in the Baltic Sea . 
the South Stream project only will improve the EU &apos;s dependence on one source . 
the accuracy of all your comments will be verified . 
that is why we have been looking for small-scale instrument with which to developing countries , the European Union could lead to implement the policies which do not strictly speaking , the fight against poverty . 
thank you . 
last but not least , I would like to remind the Commission , during the trialogue of July commitments for the new Member States , namely to guarantee a sufficient number of jobs . 
so what we are seeing this year ? 
the most important thing would be moving forward on matters relating to the holding of referendums , with the results of the referendums should be respected . 
for the interests of seisjatena we must strive to ensure that the EU does not create the impression in legislative muddle . 
people are looking for work , companies are seeking markets , consumers are looking for security , Greece is looking for stability and the search for its role in the world . 
in view of this , it is more important than stockpiling sales promotion . 
we must be more facts and not fiktsiooni , and we certainly need to be based on these findings . 
the problem is particularly in rural areas , where consumers are suffering . these regions commercially too elujõuetuteks mentioned , to be allocated appropriate lairibaline coverage . 
in writing . - ( PL ) The European Parliament resolution on Belarus , I would like to draw attention to the kaasesitajana democracy , respect for human rights and , in general , the situation of the people of Belarus . 
using the funds available . 
there are new international organisations and forums - for instance , the G20 , the G8 summit diplomacy , the G7 and so on - and there are suggestions to reform the traditional international organisations . 
I call on all the parties involved to resolve this issue now quickly come together to overcome this unjust , after all , the digital divide . 
it has its own unbridled human rights and political freedoms , in violation of the principles of the rule of law have all rights all democratic legitimacy . 
such penalties , at least non-financial the imposition of penalties on drivers would reduce my astonishment to all the Member States , which has led to many of the discrepancies among drivers or of the country of origin and the third EU Member State acts , where they drive . 
subject : Sri Lanka 
therefore , I call on you to mobilise resources and contacts , to ensure that this summit would lead to genuine achievements . 
I would like to mention one of historical fact which you might be . 
I would like to draw attention to the difficulties experienced by the Russian Federation in the Kaliningrad Oblast residents . 
none of the EU Member States is not responsible for this . 
( LV ) Mr President , fair trade agricultural sector is one of the most important drivers of economic development of the developing countries . 
this is very important , and I ask on this aspect understanding , because this issue has proved to be part of the population lükatuks limits . 
the negotiations have been ineffective and this will remain the case ; so he must remain the Paris . 
recently , the Chinese authorities 30 pupils Machu school , who have expressed at the beginning of March events in Lhasa once again in the second anniversary of its convictions and started a peaceful protest . 
this is a fact . 
the Commission agrees that this question of management online rights TV and raadiosaadete transfers in relation to deserves close attention to . 
I am sorry for Mr Madlener &apos;s , Mrs Theocharouse and Takis Hadjigeorgiou , who are also present . 
for example , it is tactical mistake the decision to send the EULEX peacekeeping force in Kosovo , to take over the role that until recently met UNMIK . 
making it mandatory to these rules also maritime transport seems a good idea , because the European road , rail and inland waterways transport statistics for the collection of data by type of goods is already mandatory . 
indeed , countries that controlled haldusbürokraatiat governments , the Commission or the Council machinery here in Brussels and in Strasbourg , we must create the close cooperation between the European Parliament and the national parliaments . 
in my opinion , it is Mr Lehne &apos;s proposal to exempt micro-entities from the annual reports , thus reducing the burden of administrative bureaucracy , welcome . 
these aspects of the report is not covered by the left and I have therefore decided to abstain . 
it is directed to protect Christians and rünnatute instead . 
President-in-Office of the Council . - Madam President , I think that the current debate is timely and Mrs Neyts-Uyttebroeck &apos;s report contains a number of important recommendations . 
in this situation , I just feel that is not the best moment to conclude the long-term consequences of an international agreement . 
if I had to face up to all these workers , I would like to say to them : please agree with the solution proposed by the Commission . 
the Burmese neighbour Thailand has seen the border overtaking many refugees : some estimates that over the past 25 years , as many as two million people have fled and tens of thousands of whom are banned from entering , has remained piiriäärsel &apos;s-land between the homeless . 
we would have preferred the system proposed by the Commission and approved by the Committee on the Environment , which made perfectly clear that , in addition to the directives mentioned these violations are automatically under criminal law is punishable by a whole new range of violations . 
the EIT the financing of the network of Knowledge and Innovation Communities innovation is also essentially open . 
I think it is the southern and eastern neighbour strategies mistake . 
it is therefore very important to take towards those countries diplomatic measures and to find ways to help them , both from the point of view of the security and development . 
it launched is more than just a semantika : it is our philosophical choice . 
this is , in my opinion , and I will continue to ask the Council to act in accordance with this call . 
the vote will take place at 11.00 . 
I voted in favour of this report because it deals with sensitive energy efficiency and energy security issues in relation to climate change agenda . 
approval of Minutes of previous sitting : see Minutes 
the Commission &apos;s proposal does not lay down a common patent for the entire territory of the Union in force , as required by Article 118 and enhanced cooperation has the adverse consequences of establishment and the free movement of capital . 
this is an important step that must be done as quickly as possible . 
it goes without saying that we voted against the report . 
Mr President , I will come back to you on their return to New York to discuss the Commission &apos;s equality strategy . 
I voted in favour of Mrs Balzani &apos;s report , which defines the position of the European Parliament in the 2012 budget negotiations . 
if someone waited Mr Georgiou speech from the Independence and Democracy Group , they must end up disappointed , because he is not present . 
everything can be in any case , further reviewed . 
Mr President , I am grateful to you for the fact that we use this opportunity that is given legal personality and join in Strasbourg Convention . 
Tegretol , 200 mg 
I wish the European , on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats to explain why we abstained on the vote , as the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance tabled amendment on the introduction of a tax on the Tobin tax . 
one way in which we can help to promote democracy , the rule of law , counter-terrorism policy and cooperation with both throughout the region as well as in the country in question . 
the vote will take place at the end of the debates , or , in other words , in a moment . 
if we must deal with the many challenges , we will not be able to do so without tegevusulatuseta offered by the Treaty of Lisbon - this is the scope for greater democratisation , namely the European Parliament and to strengthen the rights of national parliaments . 
( RO ) Mr President , I understand very well the principle of subsidiarity , but I believe that pensions are no longer a national matter , but today , these are the subject of debate at EU level . 
first of all , I have to say that the Commission has always stressed the data protection in our proposals . 
52 . 
secondly , the whole budgetary history shows that the ceilings laid down in the legislation , Gramm-Rudman-Hollingsi law in the United States , one per cent of the rule - this is all nonsense . 
in addition , I would like to highlight the protection of freedoms on the Portuguese Presidency &apos;s freedom of movement in favour of extending the efforts made by the new Member States . 
ladies and gentlemen , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance fully supports the resolution two points . 
on behalf of the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy on the report by Mrs del Castillo Vera , on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing the European Electronic Communications Market Authority - C6-0428 / 2007 - , 
we need tougher at European level to combat illegal immigration to introduce various penalties töölevõtjatele these illegal immigrants . 
there is no threat to the Member States &apos; constitutions ; it expresses but our desire to more discussions , in particular , in the euro area , but also in Europe . 
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , fishing is , by its very nature , the most üleilmastunum profession and , at the same time , an area that globalisation fully affected . 
it also provides for the so-called &apos; in 2008 be preceded by an impact assessment on the basis of a clear timetable 2009-2012. year agenda . 
Europe must offer international challenges international solutions . 
that is why the agri-food sector quality policy is one of the priorities of my portfolio , one of my main priorities immediately after the common agricultural policy post-2013 reform . 
finally , allow me to express yet our desire that as much as possible the European companies should be puutumatult out of this crisis . 
we think that this is a rakendusaktiga and this issue must therefore be regulated by means of implementing act . 
certainly , the Council will study closely the proposals made in the report . 
I would just like to warn against the unlimited freedom in an area that concerns me and which are entrusted to me in the European Parliament . 
we must also bear in mind the Parliament &apos;s report on childcare intended for students , because we are talking about work , but the work is where it is kutsekvalifikatsioonist . 
our existing neighbourhood policy is not enough . 
we are looking forward to the Green Paper and its conclusions . 
the Member States can today quite different ways and much more quickly to respond to a number of new models that are appearing on the market on a daily basis . 
if we do not manage to establish a balance between working life and private life , then we will not be able to encourage young mothers to a professional career , so that they , too , to get into management positions . 
because Islam and democracy are not segune . 
piracy and music and film illegal dissemination via the Internet is an undisputed fact . 
in my country we have had to face the murder of defending human rights . 
it seems that this is keskvasakpoolsete an excuse to attack right-wing , Prime Minister Viktor Orbán a conservative government . 
( PT ) Ladies and gentlemen , I am convinced that the European Union budget for 2010 will help us to overcome the current economic crisis . 
these limits , as you know , is not the objectives which must be achieved . 
Shirin Ebadi , who has personally worked hard at these breaches condemned as a result of this and who won the Nobel Peace Prize , will continue to do so in the case of all ethnic groups and religious communities . 
the issue of transplantation society must be sure that it will be made legally , transparently and ulterior interests , and that it will not be fostered in the guise of the noble medical procedure if other interests in saving human lives . 
the Council emphasised the innovation , research and development of agricultural production and pointed out the importance of investment in the EU and outside it &apos;s biofuel production and use of social and environmental impacts . 
the price of oil will mean new records . 
in addition , the Union has set aside EUR 825 million budget for the period 2007-2013 , to implement the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) in the work of Third-country Nationals ( 2007-2013 ) . 
however , I am surprised that the text which condemns the inadequate health care in developing countries , should leave unheeded one of the worst problem that there are currently : doctors ärameelitamine of these countries to the richer countries which have abandoned their doctors &apos; adequate training for concluding that they can cut their social protection costs . 
subject : Ehitustöö- , supply and teenuslepingute tellimismenetlused in the area of security and defence 
finally , I urge you to vote on behalf of the ALDE Group frankly scandalous amendment which aimed to eliminate restrictions on access to the clean development mechanism and to unify not only of aviation in the ETS , but all the sectors of common rakendusprojektide quotas . 
this would create the necessary openness for discussions in Turkey , including the debate on the past , and this brings me to the issue of Armenia . 
our efforts should focus there . 
it is therefore important that cohesion policy continue to support the less developed regions . 
we also have a responsibility to them , because they are the first victims of an unprecedented disaster - earthquake and now cholera epidemic . 
if not , then at least we propose binding legislation . 
this should be done in a way that will allow the swift implementation of these rights . 
stagger over 20 % between the various sectors , such as transport , heating , electricity , production and agriculture , it is clear that electricity generation is one of the most important . 
I think that it is important to highlight the important role played by the Belgian Presidency , who has done , which was required in order to achieve this difficult compromise with Parliament and , in particular , certain Member States , whose position was - how I could describe it - in some cases , deterrent . 
Mr Mitchell has spoken very eloquently by the difficulties experienced by the developing featuring erosion of biodiversity . 
on 25 May was not by accident elected ; it is precisely on this day in 1948 the Polish soldiers were murdered by the representatives of the Soviet empire and ratsaväekapteni Witold Pilecki ; it was a man who voluntarily entered the Auschwitz hävituslaagrisse to organise the resistance movement there . 
this means that , if such a body is established , the law is applied to this place , which has its registered office body of cross-border cooperation . 
now , however , we should not throw the baby out with good to get rid of what some colleagues here in the House would wish . 
in particular , prevent European rules so that the public sector and big companies can bend at the level of the Member States adopted the law . 
whether the measures that we are now about to adopt is effective , does not tell us before the four to six years . 
PE is too long been beside the subject , particularly at primary school classes which are excluded from the first vihmasabina . 
the same could indeed many of the European Union to say about the agencies , which will redouble their at national level and promote the work done by the European Union häbenemata federalist plan . 
if the Czech Republic joined the Schengen Information System , said to the citizens of the Czech Republic , so that they can freely within the territory of the EU , including the German and move - such as the Schengen system is envisaged and guaranteed . 
as I understand , it will be the presidential candidate in Egypt . 
I think that we have achieved a lot and once again I would like to congratulate Mrs Ferrero-Waldner , who did our delegation of the rigorous work on the humanitarian one where what we have achieved , is still today . 
is it not time to say at this summit , that we want to achieve a strategic partnership to hold strategic dialogue ? 
we will monitor closely the implementation of the European Arrest Warrant , which , in my opinion , is one of the best instruments that we have at the moment is õigusalaseks cooperation in criminal matters , but which certainly needs to be further improved . 
today , the most important thing is the fact that President Obama has adopted the right decision to close this prison of shame and its decision well represented America , and the American history , and it is in the nature of the international community in general . 
otherwise , many people could try to that task shirk . 
secondly , let me on coordination and civil protection , etc. to make just three comments . 
I would also like to draw attention to the many border residents , particularly fostering a deterioration in the state of the Polish minorities there , because after Poland &apos;s accession to the Schengen area is very difficult for them to communicate their families living in Poland and , above all , because of the high fee . 
the statement is quite clearly stated that , when by 2020 objectives will not be achieved , this is a serious signal to the Commission that a Member State has not taken the necessary measures to achieve the objectives . 
after all , Europe must to blame for what could happen to him . 
( RO ) Along with the aim of European energy policy , we have decided that it would be to reduce the EU &apos;s energy dependency , to ensure security of energy supply and the transparency of prices . 
( DE ) Mr President , unfortunately , is my painful disease I so far prevented our international auditooriumiga speaking , just as I have done this in the past on European issues . 
we cannot accept that there are some individual areas where the equality of opportunities are not applied consistently . 
- The debate is closed . 
no one knows who were the attackers . 
undoubtedly , as Mr Stevenson has just said , does not reflect the rise in prices that farmers are asking ; they accuse the gap between prices paid to these price and the consumer pays due to the common agricultural policy , which is based on set-aside in inducing . 
one of the most higher priority was the issue of equal opportunities . 
the principle of paying on time for the work is the basis for the correct behaviour . it is also the main factor that shows the credibility of the company and its funds available and which depends on access to credit and finance . 
these are the implementing regulation and the annexes texts . 
the business directory companies are often established in a different Member State from that of their victims , making it difficult for the latter to national authorities for protection and / or redress . 
this is the Commission &apos;s first proposal for mobilisation of the Fund for 2011 . 
it would also be much easier for businesses operating in the field of e-commerce life . 
if we want the Kyoto Protocol commitments , must also quickly growing gross domestic product countries great power stations . 
the European Commission has given its lousy in favour of this on the eve of the pilot projects , in order to achieve the technological novelty for example carbon capture and storage . 
after many months of debates in the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission has finally been reached agreement . 
indeed , I would like to take the opportunity to recall the Karen people , who have managed to their identity by protecting decades . the same resolutely condemn the referendum mechanisms which are involved in the Constitution , which want to introduce birmalastele rulers . 
I was very pleased to hear you explain that we need to get closer to its citizens . 
the meeting of the Justice and Home Affairs , which will take place in the second half of this month , here is very useful . 
the European Union must not be used to the Cambodian Government in presenting the commitments requirement for woolly words . 
nevertheless , agreed to the Slovak Republic - the neighbouring country of Austria - in the interests of peace and security in the course of the negotiations for accession to the European Union before the deadline to shut down the reactors at Jaslovské Bohunice V1 and V2 seadistus which responded to the highest standards . 
I must say that the Bureau or not Qimonda workers &apos; representatives are not have approached the Commission . 
the European Parliament is aware that my colleague , Richard Ashworth &apos;s report on simplification of the CAP was last here in the European Parliament in May . 
what is bad populism , bearing in mind that Members have populus &apos;e perhaps the voice of the people ? 
still one fly in the ointment is the lack of seostatus Eurojust , which should have been the centre of attention . 
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) ) 
the negotiations went well on most issues and we accepted this legislation on põhiseisukohtade with each other . 
in the meantime , I will continue monitoring and reporting on behalf of citizens . 
the European Union is committed to this panustamisele its part , which needs , of course , also fair internal burden-sharing agreement . 
- ( ES ) Mr President , in November , it is precisely the eight years since the disasters involving the petrol tanker Prestige , which was 70 000 tonnes of crude oil on board , was shipwrecked off the coast of Galicia . 
only the conflict prevention and conflict situations civil action it will be possible to achieve the implementation of UN Security Council resolution 1325 this promise . 
the first sector concerns humanitarian aid , which ECHO has already allocated EUR 30.5 million in 2007 esmaabimeetmetena refugees and displaced persons in the various sectors in Chad . 
this is an initiative by my colleague Martin Kastleri who is with us today , and it calls for the preservation of pühapäevade free päevadena for rest , family and ponder for them . 
any kind of infrastructure development , which would allow access to new parties , is very slow , because vertically integrated monopolies invest mainly in order to strengthen their dominant position , and , at the same time , it is difficult to attract closed market new investors . 
coming back to the question of carbon leakage , it is not only our job retention , employment and competitiveness , but also an environmental issue . 
therefore , by applying the provisions of Rule 147 strictly , the President is of the opinion that amendments are consistent with all the relevant vastuvõetavuskriteeriumidele . 
consequently , it is also the prosperity of the environment and indicators , the regions play a key role . 
with this in mind , I would like to get a clearer information on how you see the rotating Presidency , the Commission , the European Parliament and the President of the European Council of the relationship between the structure . 
this means to funds stability and a reduction in the risk of the setbacks . 
unfortunately , I must say that negotiations have not been successful , and I therefore recommend that the House not to vote today and to vote on this important dossier , if the next Parliament in the autumn of this year the Commission is expected to submit a new proposal . 
but , before we come to this , let us remember the importance of the services themselves . 
both the interest rates on loans and loans should reduce the requirements of the notion could arise moral hazard . 
in addition , even some of those who support PNR data transfer , believe that we should today be politically demonstratiivsed and demonstrate to the Council on its hands - in short , for the Council to punish arrogance . 
as soon as the problem of air traffic on the agenda of the Parliament , began to reform the transport Strasbourg and , in this regard , I thank you also on behalf of all those who cannot be here today . 
( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we are now already three and a half years of various committees of this House discussed the issue of Turkmenistan . 
the objective of the Council with regard to the definition of on-call time is often misunderstood . 
I would like to know what is the view of the Presidency of the European Council of Ministers at the moment within the obstacles which are preventing progress . 
and I think that EURES could play the role of teavitavat two tracks : those who wish to enter the labour market , but also for all other for ourselves and for our Member States , in order to make it easier to exercise in practice . 
perhaps it around the truth , it also resulted from keerleski võrdlusmeetodi rejection . 
the EBRD have taken the crisis : for supporting proactive attitude towards our customers in the countries of destination , we are expanding our instruments and we intend to invest EUR 7 billion in 2009 - by more than 20 % more . 
this is a crisis that concerns both our nations if all Europeans common tsivilisatsiooniideed that unites Europe . 
to conclude this debate in accordance with Rule 108 ( 5 ) was one of the motion for a resolution . 
for some time it seemed that it may not take place . 
this target is your term of office of the expectations of the past few months or more . 
are there any objections to this ? 
that would be an excellent opportunity for cooperation technology in the area of transparency . 
I also hope that all those involved in the process has learnt nothing from the better regulation principles . 
the &apos; Blue Card &apos; and circular migration is the first steps in the right direction . 
secondly , we are very pleased about the point that you mentioned in connection with the process of electronic management , but in our opinion , the key question is whether , in this procedure the required tasks service providers are able ultimately simply and effectively to carry through the Internet and whether they really find the numerous kodulehekülgede to people , with whom , not to speak of the requirements of the Member States can , or we are going to do this quite simply obstacles and barriers . 
Mr President , I would like to add my voice to those of my fellow Members across this House in support of the terrible , with regard to the history of the treatment of albinos in Tanzania . 
State of play of the Euromed Free Trade Area project ( vote ) 
the Commission believes that his recent proposal for a directive is much more appropriate instrument to achieve our common goal : to protect children for sex offenders . 
as regards the use of julgestustöötajate on board aircraft , then , each Member State has the right to decide on the Member State concerned registered and authorised airline , but their role has been strengthened by certain training and julgestustingimusi introduction of the provisions . 
there are two budget line at the centre of attention : the competitiveness and the environment . 
however , if the Commission draft recommendation from the interpretation of the doubts , then he was to justify its decision equally obliged to submit a sound legal assessment , which kinnitanuks that the manufacturer may in line with the European Parliament &apos;s Regulation ( EC ) No 1049 / 2001 to go to court . 
this has happened again , because the majority of governments , to believe that the fairytale global markets can be self-regulating , or become democratic turukontrolliga . 
on the other hand , there are issues that involve only of certain industries . 
Europe must be peatunnistajaks this , which represents the rule of law . 
yes , there is a great deal of bad things in Africa . 
we need a two-thirds majority Constitution , because that is the rule , which gives guarantees . 
we hope that they will be adopted by the end of the parliamentary term and , in particular , thanks to the commitment of the Czech Presidency . 
composition of committees and delegations : see Minutes 
we also support the proposal of Mrs Jeggle , which advocates the creation of a EUR 600 million and the extension of the school milk programme . 
soil protection is therefore crucial to the survival of our cultural heritage and natural resources . 
there is no doubt that the constant increases in raw materials due to the rise in food prices in the EU is becoming increasingly pressing problem . 
even the amendments voted on today is she still unacceptable violation of the principle of subsidiarity . 
now it is my opinion received official : the EU &apos;s own monitoring system has not proved to be - as kahtlustasingi - platseeboks rahustiks critics , not in a few years , but rather a few months . 
Mr President , I have one modest advice to the EU . 
Mr President , I welcome the adoption of the report in question . 
we believe that we have made considerable progress , and not only in terms of electronic communications , which I hope will speed up the process for all citizens , but we here in Parliament , we believe that during this process , we have increased the rights of citizens , so that they now have the chance to obtain more information , in any case , not less than those who are in the interests of their work . 
the adopted amendments will improve somewhat the Council proposal . 
this now it costs EUR 270 tonne and its production is a profitable . 
the limited ability of SMEs to access finance is a major impediment to their creation and growth , especially in the current financial and economic crisis . 
the debate is closed . 
let us talk about the rights of Members of the European Parliament : whenever the Commission will present proposals for decisions to the House , it is not Parliament &apos;s services and other bodies to decide whether these proposals are the right or wrong . 
this is a rare moment when the legislator or executive will provide one part of its powers to citizens . 
( applause ) 
but , as the Commissioner pointed out , 19 Member States participating in this project . 
unfortunately , these are just empty words , because the constitution are not respected . 
condemn has been sentenced to the possibility of introducing an arbitrary and unilaterally , without consulting the margins in interbank rates , which is indeed superfluous . 
by this I mean that , when the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) has refused to an urgent debate in relation to the Ugandan law on homosexuality , on an urgent debate on the executions in Iran , they want now that we intervene President Ortega in favour or against him in the light of the game of the demonstrations that are taking place there . 
in this context , it is essential that the Member States really fulfil their tasks . 
which here time beat about the bush . 
in writing . - ( RO ) access to the labour market and the promotion of high-quality jobs were the Lisbon Strategy for growth and the creation of new jobs and the European Youth Pact priorities . 
it is also clear that we need to proceed quickly on the need to find new resources for the Union budget . 
I believe that it is important to harmonisation in this area . 
until October coordination cell will continue to support the Member States to improve the security conditions conducive to try and region . 
a few weeks ago I sent José Manuel Barroso Europe , on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for a letter in which I expressed our concerns and asked why we no longer communications strategy for the Commissioner . 
rather , we abstained stupid diskussioonist on whether it is more important to conduct the Neighbourhood Policy East or the South . 
it seems that the aim is not to tighten up the regulations , but simply setting up such a system , which is of a slightly less likely . 
the PPE Group recommends that you develop ambitious proposals here in Parliament , and you can count on our support . 
many are asking whether Rootsi-suurune state can still this responsibility . 
on behalf of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection , Mrs Thun Und Hohenstein &apos;s report on the internal market scoreboard ( SEC ( 2009 ) / 1007 - , 
we are also proposing to transfer their pensions precise amount budget , and not only the amounts paid , because they do not take into account the future pensionikohustusi . 
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - Mr President , tomorrow in Brussels , could the Irish Prime Minister freely to think about Ireland popansambli U2 words : &apos; where it all went wrong ? &apos; 
such measures are necessary in order to limit the set of this highly toxic raskmetalli further growth . 
from what you said , Mr Lehne , I realised that caused the crisis , both the European Social Democrats . 
this up to 2050 kliimakaitsepoliitikat running into the debate on the floor , I would like to draw your attention to the following points . 
( ES ) Madam President , at this time of crisis , there are two types of policies and measures : preventive and incentive-compatible . 
- ( DE ) Mr President , as regards our oceans , then the time is coming to an end . 
the compromise that we wanted to reach with the Council , was rejected . 
we need a social development and progress pact , which includes production , in particular in areas such as agriculture and industry , employment with workers &apos; rights and social inclusion , not to return , however , to demand the implementation of the Stability Pact , with the accompanying liberalisation and uusliberaalsete methods , as suggested by the President-in-Office of the Council . 
temporary &apos; binding &apos; measures , I would like the Commissioner to us to ensure that these apply to all those who have tied up for economic reasons in a short period of time , and an exception , but that they are accessible to those involved in the restructuring scheme , will apply to the widest possible . 
this will strengthen the leading role of Europe in the fight against carbon dioxide emissions of man-made global politics , which is also bodes well in Poznań in December 2008 and 2009 for the international negotiations in Copenhagen in December . 
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of this report . 
in writing . - ( FR ) I voted in favour of the report on university-business dialogue , because I think it is very important to develop the link between training and the labour market . 
it therefore seems to paradoxical that fewer and fewer companies will decide in favour of rail transport . 
I think that we can start the dialogue initiative . 
on average , was the 25 Member States on which data is available in those three areas , the lack of skilled students 22.5 % in 2006 and 2009 was the percentage of their reduced 19.6 % . 
according to the policies which will support the integration of the Western Balkans and in which Europe was agreed back then , later on , most recently approved by the Council confirmed this in its meeting on 8 December 2008 . 
but I do have to wonder whether you remember what happened in the past , in 2000 , launched 10 years plan ? 
that is why , in my view , we need to work in this area in more specialists and raise the level of local actors in the project . 
this will allow the application of down . 
we need to appropriately rethink how we do this in the future , so that Parliament can send our message to the Commission in the past . 
this would have been taken into account in the motion for a resolution . 
finally , I would like to mention the external relations . 
I also fear that what may happen to the movement of capital , and establishes a single tax base . 
the EU &apos;s objective must therefore be to keep Ukraine radariekraanil of the Union . 
in other words , we support a flexible and pragmatic position , which the Council approved , and which the European Commission proposed väljaarvamiseks self-employed people from the scope of the directive . 
Mr President , the Socialist Group in the European Parliament wishes to vote in favour of this alternative resolution . 
closure of sitting 
firstly , they are both recognised the enormous potential of Africa will probably more than anyone , or at least it was recently the case . 
( the sitting was suspended at 19.45 and resumed at 21 ) 
( RO ) Romania as the representative of the citizens , I consider it extremely important that the European Parliament will be involved in police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters on the protection of personal data collected in the context of decision making . 
corrigendum ( Rule 216 ) : see Minutes 
at them , but they were inadequate . 
it is not a single strategy , in principle , a bad , but ... 
we have seen that the condition of their sihtkohtades väljapääsmatusse passengers were left without accommodation , or even the possibility to repatriation . 
this long-awaited directive on which the consultations held in the European Parliament has always been equally complex , is based on Article 13 of the EC Treaty and regulates the protection against discrimination , stressing , on the basis of equal treatment for all . 
the Hungarian originally intended for Burma to China was relocated aid funds are being directed to the isolation of the Burmese military dictatorship favourable attitude . 
in accordance with Rule 168 wants the ALDE Group to submit an application for referral back to this . 
the strengthening of democracy in this country must be one of the European Union &apos;s priorities in its neighbourhood policy . 
we can now well talk more antibiotics and increasing resistentsusest to them , but the problem must be considered and assessed in greater depth . 
this has resulted in the legal clarity , of which I am very sorry . 
in summary , the today as a matter of urgency , Bosnia and Herzegovina need to overcome the current political stalemate that seriously to move towards the European Union . 
we are building in these circumstances democracy to the threat of weapons . 
in writing . - UKIP does not believe that the existing international elundivahetusvõimaluste and institutions a network development and network to improving the EU &apos;s attempts to intervene and that it be regulated . 
this measure will help to eliminate poverty , and allow elderly people live with dignity . 
the US financial system their investment banks , hedge funds and structured products , which are not subject to the usual banking supervision , and its numerous financial operations carried out through üheotstarbeliste companies , which is not reflected in any of the balance sheet is virtually collapsed . 
( the President cut off the speaker . ) 
it is very important that an more voluntary partnership agreements , their results will be monitored closely and that their conditions to be fully the human rights of the people who depend on forests , but who cannot be the subject of the management of their forests often say . 
perhaps such data throughout the EU decision makers are making it clear that there is a need to limit the subsidies , which go one farmile so that they would be more useful family-run farms than for large companies . 
in some countries , such as Portugal , Greece and Ireland , are women as workers , citizens and mothers the negative impact of austerity measures . 
author . - ( DE ) Mr President , anyone who has seen the crow region of the Great Lakes of Africa , it is expected that this is a paradise for . 
I think he did a very good comment on this . 
I genuinely wish our Croatian friends success in recent chapters quickly and in order to close in a referendum , that they are able to confirm our willingness to become part of the European Community . 
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I have many additional conditions on this report , which is the first , as was said a little while ago , relates to the provision which seems astonishing , at a time when Europe is facing the problem of wage compensation fund or millions of workers redundancy . 
why we cannot be more realistic in relation to the Structural Funds ? 
Member States should ratify and implement the ILO conventions , what is currently valid . 
it was : could hold nüanssides international law and violent revision of neighbouring border represents a condemnation of the sanction ? 
&apos; stop Barroso - choose a green new deal ! &apos; - this is the future of the European Parliament &apos;s election slogan , which is now more appropriate than ever . 
the campaign in the run-up to the voters are asking us immediately , where are the European . 
the bilateral agreements cannot contain elements such as the principle of non-discrimination through the Court provided compensation and the deletion of data and andmeotsingute ban on profiling and data . 
Mr President , one of my first speeches in this House , 23 years ago , was , maintaining the proposal for a directive on the safety of toys . 
in doing so , and the 2 + 4 process agreements on justice and persistence of the assurances given the Community remained faithful to the values for which it stands . those values are peace , the peoples of the common understanding and solidarity , especially all the Germans eastern and Lääne-Saksamaal . 
more than ever , we need to avoid creating divisions between the Member States - we must avoid classification into old and new Member States and major and minor . 
it is cheaper than private claims , because consumers will be compensated for the damage done much more quickly . 
we know that it creates jobs and increase competitiveness . 
Mr President , I voted in favour of this report because I believe that at this time , we must look for innovative financing mechanisms . 
we must be very careful , replacing the weak , but very competitive industry , which is based on a cartel turujagamisel and prices , because , in this case , will put an end to what we are trying to save even worse situation . 
this report promotes the free movement of researchers Member States , public and private , businesses , research centres and universities , public and private greater consistency in the area of research , science full subjugation market and researchers in favour of temporary tehnoloogiavajaduste orienteerumist rakendusuuringutele , recognising the previous experience korporatsiooniteadlasena than formal qualifications . 
the next item is the report by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , on the report by Mr Csibi , on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the introduction of a framework on adopting the eco-design requirements to energy-related products ( recast ) - C6-0277 / 2008 - . 
in addition , the resolution makes no mention of workers , trade unionists and leftist forces and also the repression of the Kurdish minority in Turkey . 
although I acknowledge that the Member States must be obliged to automotive sector rahastamisesse research and development in this area , I am of the opinion that the industry itself should do allocations and demonstrate the additional obligation to reduce the effects of climate change . 
I believe that in the relevant rules should be officials oversee how they should guarantee both the sound financial management and good administration . 
where is the rest of 60 % ? 
to combat illegal immigration we certainly need close cooperation . 
fisheries agreements with third countries , particularly on EU pelagic fleet is of strategic importance , and not only for the preservation of the fleet itself . 
why ? 
in 2006 , the Ombudsman way through together 582 investigation , which were already under way 315 nine begun in 2005 and the Ombudsman on his own initiative . 
among those who are responsible for the delay and who are promoters of this approach , which is the European set extremely precarious situations , and so Europe is now in recession augur well you too , Mr Barroso , your and the majority of your Commission . 
in writing . - UKIP voted against Amendments 1-29 in order to restore the Commission &apos;s original plan to exclude self-employed drivers from the scope of the directive . 
the US films domination , which is due to a huge market , must occupy European film on the world market in competition with difficult work , despite the fact that the quality is the US pisarakiskujatest and kassahittidest much better . 
the Commission &apos;s aim is to give a world-class level playing field both our fishing sector , but also in other countries that produce kalandussektoritele products that we import . 
I therefore support the amendment tabled by Eva Lichtenberger 38 , which will strengthen the Commission &apos;s text in certain respects . 
we have kept the same position , while awaiting significantly greater transparency . 
at the same time , I have already mentioned that the Commission considers that it is here where it can be improved , and what we want to achieve Liechtenstein and with other countries , is absolutely clear . 
( RO ) This report refers only to environmental issues , but it cannot and must not only refer to the environmental issues . 
with regard to the Council &apos;s proposal for a regulation included in our amendments , we must all remember that discussions in the Council were very lively . 
the citizens of the new Member States , including Poland continuing under-representation in is particularly unacceptable , and not only in relation to the European Union &apos;s tsiviilteenistusega . 
it is easy to imagine that this entails significant chaos and disarray . 
however , we are trying to give everyone the floor , until the President will come - it has gone for a few moments out and I am replacing him here eksprompt . 
I would like to know whether the citizens of Slovenia , as well as for smaller Member States can now live in appropriate assistance when they return to the French consulates in these countries . 
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection . - ( PL ) Madam President , we in the report under discussion today is the current of the Posting of Workers Directive to the collective bargaining challenge . 
we certainly should remain a positive view on how the Turkish authorities have been dealing with freedom of religion , women &apos;s rights , trade union rights , reform of the justice system , radio and demand and the revision of the legislation relating to the issues relating to civil and military relations . 
our wish is for the Commission to propose the redistributive effect of degressive capping direct payments radikaalsemalt kõrvaleheitmiseks and address the issue . 
in particular , I welcome the intention to carry out a major reform of fisheries Canada administrative system , which also includes the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organisation . 
the issue is not whether our dialogue is with Hamas , but in the way it is considered and under what conditions . 
whether it is proposed to create a central place a permanent koordinatsiooniüksus , which will help to coordinate actions cross-border , affecting the whole of the Union in the case of natural disasters ? 
I agree with one Namibia politician that , in addition to the traditional diseases that Africa has to grapple with - such as malaria , tuberculosis and AIDS - is currently the most dangerous disease , which must be the most as a matter of urgency , to combat mugabeism . 
your work is to coordinate Member States in areas where the European Commission and the Union does not have competence . 
I am , therefore , as a Member of this Parliament the right to vote in favour of this report . 
compliance with flag State requirements directive was an attempt to extend the EU &apos;s competence in the region which already have the UN regulations . 
the true face of this practice has become clear from the obvious contradictions it contains , which is more important than the use of the alleged protection of human rights , to intervene in countries where there is in their own interests , especially in the United States and allies , and support for puhtakspesemine . 
the United States are putting the governments of the EU Member States Airbus attributed to the care they receive large subsidies and the use of the advantages of the favourable loans . 
therefore , we are making efforts to improve them . 
some have been thrown out of office , others have left the country . 
we must also ensure that the Member States to show more common responsibility in the Stability and Growth Pact advantages as well as its obligations in mind . 
Europeana should be improved by ensuring the availability of secondary school pupils , universities and other educational institutions , students and teachers free access . 
you have sent out in recent days käskjalgu message &apos; moi , J &apos;ai la Majorité , I have the support of the majority &apos; . 
in recent days , the decisions which will plunge ülikarmistamise us towards fiscal policy and that the Commission will essentially tribunaliks , is contrary to the performance of each and every social project . 
I therefore congratulate Mrs Jäättteenmäkit an appropriate balance between these two requirements when it comes to creating and balanced solutions , which will strengthen the role of the Ombudsman &apos;s if moral authority and improve the effectiveness of the transparency of the Community institutions , every European citizen sound governance and the right to good administration . 
as far as the new website and associations in setting up the creation of local televisioonijaamadega , I would like to say that the Commission is creating a radio and televisioonioperaatorite networks , the programmes on European issues . 
most importantly , I think it is very important to see that may be into the institution of the Cancún &apos; point of view . 
these are different tootmishuvisid to take into account the interests of the Community , and they can be interpreted in different ways . 
lastly , I would obviously like to extend my warmest thanks to all the shadow rapporteurs for their comments and for their help in drafting this report . 
the Commission is acceptable for amendments 3 , 12 , 14 , 18 , 20 , 23 , 38 , 44 , 45 , 46 , 48 , 49 , 50 , 63 , 64 , 65 , 66 , 67 , 68 , 72 and 73 . 
our industry cannot and must not fall victim to a strong European currency . 
this work will be done in private households , but also because the institutions and care for the elderly , this involves the Europe 2020 strategy , it accounts for between 5 and 9 % of all employment in the EU and that is increasingly . 
on behalf of the GUE / NGL Group . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I appreciated the readiness of the Commission and the Council very quickly in order to reach an interinstitutional political agreement in the light of these new transfers , which we are experiencing in the coming months . 
the debate is closed . 
airlines are speaking the same . 
the aim is to make the global banaaniturg more predictable and stable , and therefore to encourage investment and growth in the sector and to put an end to decades of conflict that resulted from the complaints against the EU in relation to the amendment of the customs duties applicable to bananas in 2006 . 
in the case of the strategy of success with concrete measures with which the EU maintains the many local organisations , which combines the region physically the rest of the continent , where the Danube is vitally important ; and through which strengthens the instruments of the neighbourhood policy towards the Black Sea region , as was recommended in the amendments tabled by my group . 
perhaps some people thought that Parliament would be vastutulelikum after the elections in June , or that Parliament &apos;s demands for the openness and transparency of the election was rather than to the actual hoiakumuutuse maiku . 
foreign non-governmental organisations have complaints submitted on the creation of an illegal and classified databases relating to racial and ethnic origin in order to maintain personal data , and have said that they will turn to the relevant authorities . 
commercial considerations was set as a priority . 
we need to discuss , among other things , one other point - in other words , the flexibility of the budget review . 
11 . 
I must say that this visit will take place under favourable circumstances . 
I repeat : this is an intergovernmental mechanism , which was conceived in the Ecofin and which requires unanimity . 
the last question was the Kyoto Protocol and the continuation of the Kyoto Protocol . 
therefore , I urge the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina to implement reforms consistently and transparent manner , in order to ensure the rapid integration with the EU . 
this is yet another example of how EU politicians and officials are perpetuating the details of the matter and every elected by taking levels of its eagerness to mobilise political forces here . 
why has the European Union criminal activities of safe , associated with which is more than 20 million Europeans ? 
I believe that this will be the right conclusions . 
if these things happen , they allow us to take note of the national and Community cohesion , which can only hope to feed the general solidarity and peace , including internal peace that we have in Europe . 
in writing . - ( RO ) I would like to refer to some points of the common foreign and security policy ( CFSP ) in 2008 on the main aspects and basic options report alapeatükis of the Western Balkans . 
the rights of citizens and parliaments will be strengthened , it also strengthens the European Union institutions and the capacity to act and , for us , the three institutions , are granted rights for us , which will make it easier for representation of our continent in the world . 
as I said earlier , this includes everything from medicines , and to the illegal allalaadimiseni autoosadest firmatoodetest . 
however , with regard to Ireland and the level of investment in this country , then I am quite optimistic . 
the Commission &apos;s Legal Service analysis , it does not make a ruling rikkumismenetluses development in this field and the assessments . 
in order for the EU &apos;s neighbouring countries and the Caucasus countries to be able to build a state under the rule of law and a functioning market economy democratic society of their citizens , must be able to adjust smoothly to the EU at the same time , to benefit from our experience in this area . 
in my view , it is extremely promising that the Ombudsman is working on so many different levels : it is not just in handling complaints , which is the main part of his work , but also about how resolutsioonideni or solutions will be reached . 
the report by Mr Tremopoulos complements the Commission &apos;s communication on the European transparency initiative , which lays down the proposals data and disclosure of the recipients of common management and partnerships on the promotion of transparency . 
the Member States - and many of the Member States already meet the Strasbourg Court arrangements - probably will not create any additional costs in addition to what they are already in this area . 
the Burmese authorities , we call for the immediate release of Aung San Suu Kyi , rahulejätmist protestors and representative outgoing that brings together the convening of the National League for Democracy . 
I agree that firearms , their parts , components and ammunition illegal production and sale are having an adverse impact on the security of all inhabitants of the EU . 
as Mr Feio just said , it is indeed improved the text . I think that if works public debate , then we are doing their work , and to inform citizens can be , which is taking place in Brussels . 
in the absence of European legislation , Member States are free to develop its own rules . 
supervisory authority do not approve of this small in this municipality is continuing the budget without personalivajaduste plaanita which has attracted a detailed budget . 
explanations of vote 
( SK ) Mr President , on the brink of a financial meltdown of financial products criticised safety hindavaid ebaprofessionaalsete and iseenese serving the interests of credit rating agencies for their ratings . 
European history is to see what happens if the horrors on the press have been brought under control and information are not allowed to flow freely . 
in writing . - tax fraud and tax evasion , according to estimates , because of the loss of EUR 200 billion every year - money which are being kidnapped prosperous world taxpayers and those most in need kannatavatelt people in developing countries . 
why could we not do this ? 
Mr President , the South and Central America takes barely considerably more and more of a hold over autocracy - of a certain kind of neo-caudillismo . 
this dossier requires our common attention , that these improvements can be introduced without further delay . 
the Commission set up an EU kontroll-laboratooriumi also molluscs diseases that are supported financially every year , in order to ensure better coordination between the Member States &apos; national laboratories and to give the Commission the scientific support . 
the rapporteur - to whom I would like to express my sympathy for the death of the father - stresses that immigration of highly qualified labour purposes , is not a long-term solution to the economic and demographic challenges , given that economic immigration in general has an impact on the labour markets of the Member States . 
women &apos;s rights , freedom of religion and kriminaalkurjategijate abuse to comply with the standards imposed area , Mr President , the whole in Turkey . 
everyone is against discrimination . 
the &apos; Youth in Action &apos; programme is a tool that will help in constructive activities in the development of our children , through which they can develop governance , the spirit of solidarity and tolerance . 
the same applies to all EU Member States , although depending on the country , the specific differences . 
the European Parliament is based on the principle of equal treatment of legal and eelarvedokumentidele in terms of access to carry out the same rights as the Council . 
with standards must be defined in such a way as to prevent any väärtõlgendused . 
so far has not been used for opportunities to define the tasks and , more specifically , it is very important to come back to it soon . 
may be still claim that this is a time to think about upgrading the symbols of Europe is too unstable times and in the crisis , which is why the European Parliament should not spend time now symbols . 
and thirdly , Croatia must urgently improve PHARE- and IPA-programmide proper management of our portion of EU financial assistance . 
the industry is not conceivable a future , if we do not believe in scientific and technical development . 
the aim of the convention is to implement Article 21 of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child , creating safeguards to ensure that an inter-country adoption takes place under the best interests of the child and respect for the fundamental rights of the child . 
support its position publicly , President of the Commission . 
however , only seven tuunipüügilitsentsi was given . 
despite the deterioration of the situation , especially in Egypt and Israel , and the fact that we need to EU foreign policy based on values such mõistatuslikult , it is difficult to find in the Commission &apos;s proposals for the references to human rights . 
the Member States should recognise and support the need for a balanced mass media market , they should also both separately and together , commit itself to guaranteeing European citizens the opportunity to obtain accurate and diverse information . 
the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs participated in the Commission &apos;s representative stated that on 19 April , the Commission is preparing to review this Regulation in order to improve . 
Prime Minister Erdoğan , pledged that 2008 is the year of reforms , and we insist that he should stick to our promise . 
much more balanced and läbikaalutum solution would have given the opportunity finally to the people of Kosovo , however , to enjoy the fruits of membership of the European Union . 
firstly , he decided that &apos; equal pay &apos; means equal pension rights , equal holidays , etc . 
the first difference is that we are exploring new cooperation between the Bureau and the Committee on Budgets ; we are dealing with it as a pilot project , but it should be in line with the general budget procedure binding principles , which will come into force after the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon . 
today , however , I had to vote against . 
there was no võidutsenud democracy , but a small group of people whose experience were taken directly from the old riigiaparaadist and julgeolekujõududest . 
fifthly , the benefits from efforts : teadusalastest requires effective management and protection of intellectual property , but also the efficient dissemination of scientific and technological innovation . 
in the years 2007-2013 is invested in Northern Ireland a little over EUR 1.2 billion . 
in this context , we support these reports budgetary frameworks and on the macroeconomic component of the economic governance package . 
what is good for Europe is also good for all Member States and their citizens . 
we have heard today , in the statement by the Chair of the European Parliament , I have supported him and all the parliamentary parties . 
we will not give up on them , but we have led to assist this was that our duty . 
at sea are important trade routes , the sea are governed by the climate , provides the food , energy and other resources . in the 21st century is Sea identity changing . 
I am still very concerned about the question of whether our businesses can also really access to the Indian market . 
if we want to find a good solution , then we must now allow itself to draw a common sense and situation , which is constantly evolving and majandusprognoosides certainly is getting worse . 
this report from the Commission on 2 and 4 the amendment would require a new evaluation in connection with the operation of the provision of cross-border joint and several liability . 
this is why we are proposing to postpone the discharge for the Police College &apos;s basic . 
the last 14 years is support for it to be paid at a very early stage , as soon as the documents are put forward by the Commission or the Irish põllumajandusministeeriumile . 
the economic , social and political interdependence should encourage both the country &apos;s authorities to develop a continuous dialogue and cooperation . 
sõelumisprotsess at the conclusion , one year later , in October 2006 and all 33 sõelumisaruannet has been submitted to the Council . 
the current European Union budget is still too rigid ; this is the recent examples of the negotiations on the food aid facility and on the European Economic Recovery Plan , particularly given the environment . 
we hope that the Minsk Group &apos;s latest proposals will help them to bridge gaps . 
today the United States strongly support the whole free world that the world can be free of terrorism . 
other colleagues in payments or passenger transport . 
I voted in favour of this own-initiative report because I believe that any violence should be subject to social and legal penalties . 
the security of Europe would be absolutely necessary to launch the agreed in November 2003 , crisis management cooperation , especially in the area of frozen conflicts . 
the Member States - such as France and others - who maintain temporary measures Bulgarians and Romanians for access to our markets , are pushing for the Roma and , in particular , to these measures as quickly as possible to remove the political as a gesture of goodwill . 
I also support the proposal to overcoming the economic and financial crisis within the framework of the recovery plans measures aimed at young people and to ensure better integration of young people into the labour market . 
this directive will simplify legislation , replaces a number of old directives and there is also the permitted level of particles in the air . 
in this case , the rates do not constantly change , especially in view of the fact that , now that the Treaty of Lisbon has become uncertain , we do not know for certain what will be the next in 2009 , the number of Members of this Parliament and whether we can again to amend this article . 
this represents a serious threat to the environment and human health . 
the abolition of agricultural land for the production of biofuels is already doubled the world food prices so that millions of people are starving , while greedy corporations make even greater profits . 
I agree with President Barroso that spending must be kept under control . 
can the Commission say whether the Member States , and how does it intend to take swift and effective measures to ensure a rapid make internet providers market accessibility for all citizens , which in the current context of a great difference in prices is not guaranteed ? 
the introduction of this type of agreement with countries and regions in the world , the EU is trying to gradually to promote the liberalisation of international trade , while maintaining within the WTO negotiations . 
it is precisely this mechanism will contribute to the emergence of spekulatsioonimullide . 
Madam Vice-President , provision contained in the Treaty of Lisbon on the citizens &apos; initiative is , without doubt , an important sign of European integration . 
we know that , in addition to new technologies for the reform of the changes with regard to the maximum transpordiajaga , as has been said here , and the animals are transported maximum and minimum temperatures . 
we can control emissions , but these factors not . 
we are on the edge of a precipice , and a few days after the Heads of State and Government are proposing that we were to take a major step forward . 
five just five major multinationals controlling more than 80 % of all internationally traded bananas . 
is it possible to reach an agreement on the safeguard clauses for the protection of mothers and reconciling work and family life in the private sector ? 
it is true that this threat is one of your workable mass immigration policy , which you want , further tightening of the consequences . 
- Report : Reynaud 
the same also applies to relations with China , in particular , on 10 March , because today is the date when 1959. year was brutally suppressed belonged to the Tibetan uprising against the occupation of the country by the People &apos;s Republic of China . 
the report is characterised primarily by this that it sets out clearly the role of conventional energy sources , underlines the need for more and more effective use of new technologies , in order to achieve the objective of the European Union &apos;s energy security in line with the objectives of sustainable development and to combat climate change . 
together with the United States , the European Union and NATO in Afghanistan belonging to the military occupying German forces in the region Kondozi deadly attacks on 4 September 2009 became tapatalguteks , which goes beyond the number of victims of 135 killed and tens of injured tsiviilelanikeni , among whom was also many children . these are war crimes against the people of Afghanistan . 
you know , Mr Weber , from the CSU who have had , of course , I have listened to your arguments , but I must indeed say that , for heaven &apos;s sake , these are ürgvanad . 
I am interested in what you have done , together with my colleagues from other countries , such as the ICAO level that such a list a reality . 
the Council intends to examine carefully all Parliament &apos;s opinions that legislative proposals at the end of the review and to be adopted within the framework of the ordinary legislative procedure . 
I am convinced that the best way to address the problem of the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons would once and for all to run away from atomic energy , because its use for civil constitutes a danger in itself firmly enough and it cannot exclude that the civil use of nuclear energy production technology will not be used for military purposes . 
now we can be sure that easily accessible cheap money will not build stable growth . 
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution by the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and the European Conservatives and Reformists on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement tabled , under the name of what is known as ACTA . 
unlike Parliament did not seem Member States of the Commission &apos;s proposals on the conformity of legislation on the financing instrument for development cooperation . 
I cannot imagine a situation where sheep are mägistelt maastikelt they simply disappeared entirely : this is part of the landscape . 
having said that , I believe that Mr Audy and Maria Da Graça Carvalho - to which I will focus on the issues addressed by the other speeches - everything is worth mentioning . 
emphasis should be placed on extending the decentralisation of the public sector and transport networks . 
if the EU body confirms that they do nothing , it is easy to believe that their true intentions are . 
although the assessment of the impact of the financial crisis is still difficult , as Mr Romeva i Rueda confirmed that we are all quite clear that during this period was extremely severe impact on women . 
written statements ( Rule 149 ) 
all of these groups and parts which form of Iranian society , dialogue and turn to Europe for help and towards the European Union . 
we know very well that the application of these rights is a prerequisite for obtaining a Member State of the European Union . 
the Convention is also other conventions in this sector , in particular those concerning the minimum age of fishermen , are the review of the Statute for Members , fishermen and kalalaevapere majutustingimusi . 
we have already been working together with helicopters , for example , in terms of access to , and we have now identified ehitusblokid counter munitions and medical support . 
this caused complex rules and regulations , the Member States must adhere to . 
( PL ) Mr President , it is good that today &apos;s debate on the evaluation of the Schengen acquis is taking place at the same time , when the European Union and the European Parliament are entering more of the debate on the Stockholm Programme . 
in writing . - ( PT ) This report concerns a proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council on the application of certain rules officially favours businesses in obtaining export credits . 
in other words , it means more jobs , but also dealing with the black economy . 
his regime is guilty of thousands of innocent civilian deaths . 
I believe that the recently established European External Action Service must react to this situation and to make a more active cooperation with third countries , who is linked to resolving this situation . 
the Commission &apos;s buildings and services , we should make use of renewable energy sources as much as possible , because mainly come from the Commission &apos;s emissions buildings . 
such a balanced laws will help us to achieve the approval of the citizens of the European Union . 
in writing . - I voted in favour . 
the demographic crisis should mobilise the spectre of an intimidating us take immediate action to improve the situation of women in our continent . 
the agricultural sector is falling , especially in the new Member States . 
for the most part , the collection of the relevant data will not impose any additional burden on respondents , as the Member States concerned should be able to compile these data using existing data sources ( for example , customs documents ) . 
I have of women &apos;s rights and gender equality , on behalf of the Commission , on the basis of Rule 115 ( 5 ) of the motion for a resolution . 
free price is the basis for freedom and democracy , and any attempt to limit this totalitarismini . 
you can brief . 
we only have to think of the harmful effects of illegal logging and deforestation , especially about how they will contribute to the kasvuhoonenähtusele . 
women are still disadvantaged , which , unfortunately , apart from anything else , is openly to see their lack of access to positions of responsibility , which adopts the political or economic decisions . 
in this context it is worth recalling the Council recurring assurance that , in line with the negotiating framework and ühinemispartnerlusele efforts must continue to be good neighbourly relations - in particular , we need to work to find the solutions of the bilateral issues with neighbouring countries , especially piiriküsimustele . 
the European Court of Auditors has Eighth , Ninth and Tenth European Development Funds for the financial management thoroughly examined , not only in its annual report , but also , in a great many reports and have made a really good and valuable comments . 
to achieving wider solutions , it is important that we can rely on their specific agreements , if we are to be implemented together in the same theatre . 
it seems that yes . 
this substance , though , represents the whole group , which comprises around 100 other substances . 
the sacred cows must be to sacrifice , including those that tiirlevad longer and heavier lorries , or , for example , in the European Union , the multitude of sõidukeeldude cabotage sacred cows and so on and so forth . 
in addition , the directive provides for a simplified system for a single residence and work permit application procedures are too . 
the Arctic is also a unique opportunity for intergovernmental cooperation . 
we have enough information exchanges with Russia spetsialiseerumisvaldkondades . 
nine European Union on 1 May 2004 acceded country was abolished on 21 December for border controls . 
then appear again quickly arena demons of 20th century those who caused the trouble and misery of our continent . 
Krediidilaenude advertising : if credit is in advertising concerning the number of essential information , it is imperative to offer the same tüüpnimekiri involving the European Union as a whole . 
I also regret that the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia has not been invited to membership of NATO . 
also , among other things , the introduction of this regulation was adopted lemmiklooma passport for cats , dogs and valgetuhkrute movement from one Member State to another . 
some of the countries of the Baltic Sea region roads are climatic conditions and sometimes also rather poor situation due to the weak policies . 
you see , here is a paradox . 
this is also one of the reasons why we need now to establish a particularly strict security . 
rapporteur . - Mr President , this report is part of the Company Law lihtsustamispaketist . 
this is totally neglected issues , which affect the most ordinary people in the Czech Republic and in Europe . 
chapters are running out and for Turkey is threatening the process to a halt . 
Ekspordikontrollil has a major impact on the EU &apos;s trade policy . 
at the same time , I drew the competent authorities of France and the European Union &apos;s attention to the fact that the criteria on the basis of which the Member States separating subsidies , are not sufficiently transparent . 
we should express particular thanks to him for that . 
we are trying to achieve intelligent compromise . 
on the Treaty of Rome , he wrote that he did not ask ourselves whether the Treaty could be better , because it responded to everything that was possible at the time and responded to experience . 
the Spanish Government and the Junta de Andalucía hõlbustasid measures of the European Maritime Safety Agency and CleanSeaNeti services , who gave the Spanish authorities 11 satelliidipilti and evaluation of the two cases , and Mr Barrot mentioned just now to the Commission &apos;s response - so I am not going to repeat it . 
therefore , it seems inevitable further sanctions perspective or even desirable . 
we would prefer very separate legislation in this area , so that we can help people with rare diseases optimal way possible . 
( DE ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the protection of seamen is all our sincere concern , but I could summarise , however , freedom to ask how we can best to ensure this . 
this requires the multidimensional approach , including tööhõivemeetmeid , which would allow parents to find work , maksusoodustussüsteemide development and the provision of basic services such as housing , quality childcare and education , and the protection of children &apos;s rights . 
the question is ausates elections European country , and this cannot be a party political issue . 
however , we must recognise that the European Parliament has important work still remains to be done , because there are issues that are solutions , in general , the Deß report but because the Members &apos; opinions on the relevant went to tackle the problem of leave or were almost at odds with one another . 
Mr President , in my opinion , the freedom of the press in the country can properly assess but every aspect of this issue . 
that maximum reklaamiaeg is 20 % per hour , it is now time between two reklaamipausi 30 minutes , although we wanted to maintain the screens in 45 minutes . 
7 . 
given the importance of access to raw materials , welcomes the Commission discussing this issue in this House . 
( loud applause ) 
it is , in fact , that the Member States and the regions , which do not produce a surplus must bear a great burden unfairly due to this reform . 
on behalf of the EFD Group . - Mr President , I would like to thank Mrs Merkies for all his efforts and her for the cooperation between the political groups , at a time when the report has been negotiated . 
the European Qualifications Framework should be dealt with by the repeal tunnistatava decision seondunud constraints , focusing on increasing the transparency of qualifications , and in cooperation with a decentralised approach , which reflects the growing complexity of the European Qualifications Framework . 
many people are , however , still missing . 
it is really good that we have a rapporteur who can listen to his visits Member States show - and this is also reflected in the final results of the report . 
the &apos; Europe for Citizens &apos; programme has been over recent years an important step forward in the difficult task of bringing Europe closer to its citizens : in the past , Europe has been far too often , bureaucratic entity , which is cut off from its citizens &apos; daily lives . 
finally , I would like to stress how important is the basis for the organisers of the initiative and full transparency about sources of financial support . 
the proposed trading system should apply to all flights , including third-country flights , for reasons relating to competition from the common algusajast . 
we want only by Europe to help to ensure that sensible action on the basis of common rules , if the government , this city or regional entity must remain reasonable . 
the logic is in that time küpsevad programmes . 
the Committee on the Environment also wants to see sustainable biogas certification . 
work on the directive on violence against women continues , but at the same time , it is in the EU countries , including Poland , where women are allowed to use violence , unfortunately , legally approved sexual and reproductive health . 
in my opinion , there is no such statements do not fair or appropriate . 
however , as the report is adopted , I managed to push through a reduction in the length of the trade preferences to one year since the entry into force of these measures . 
we are not subjected to do this , but this choice is available . 
equality should be to achieve the ideal of specific and sustainable measures , particularly in the field of education . 
texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes 
partly in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and the Committee on Budgets , partly as a Member who has as two face Janus , I would like to speak a little more specifically , Mrs Guy-Quint &apos;s report on the new budgetary impact of the Lisbon Treaty and the new system . 
( FR ) Mr President , President Barroso and President Van Rompuy , first of all , I would like to say that the 2020 strategy objectives are all agree . 
ladies and gentlemen , in your political career , I have often thought that the monitoring effect as important as the impact . 
for example , the price of transpordikütuse rose by an average of 12.7 % , while the average level of inflation rose 3.6 % . 
secondly , I would like to say , but as a representative from a position of political forces which threaten the traditional organisations - as Mr Schulz was prepared to face and for which I am grateful to him - to call on our Parliament and you , Mr President , to act and to set our powers mõõdukamalt certain voluntary limits . 
in this case , the President-in-Office of the Council should take into account the legitimate interests of each Member State . 
the Commission will continue to put pressure on the Italian Government to end the crisis and does not put an end to the proceedings against Italy . 
opening of the sitting 
low value , agricultural subsidies and difficulties in obtaining põllumajanduslaenude mittemaksmine not allowed põllumajandustehnoloogiate kasutusele-võttu , which is why yield per hectare was very low . 
this support is essential for helping the unemployed and victims of relocations due to globalisation to help the affected workers . 
we , the European Union is useful if Kosovo will be a viable state . 
do we want and we will be able to act ? 
the report by Mrs De Vits - and I would like to congratulate her and the work between the shadow rapporteurs - is an important step in granting the contribution to this debate . 
Members of the Commission and the Council , it would be very good if , at the Spring European Council session tomorrow , in principle , be agreed once and for all . 
although this is regrettable that 14 Member States , were to be reasoned opinions , at least , I am pleased that the Commission initiates infringement proceedings forcefully , because at the present time , we have the full gap between the requirements of the acquis and what is really happening . 
( FR ) Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , first of all , I would like to congratulate Mr Bushill-Matthews , who is the message the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs kandjana trialogues gave us a wonderful lesson about democracy . 
the most important deficit in this area was dumped on tens warships ordnance , together with Finland in the 1941 merelahingus August , the recognition of the fact that took place only Russian duumasaadiku Andrei Klimovi for the past 10 days ago . 
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance ( Rule 150 of the Rules of Procedure . 
it is our political programme for 2008 . 
the content of the Charter has not changed since 2004 . 
on human rights : numerous and often cruel executions in Iran is a constant valupunktiks us . 
does the European Court of Justice agrees with this outcome ? 
in particular , it will lead to greater use of legislative procedures , which affects around 95 % of that legislation . 
it would be a fatal mistake - which is a few energiapoliitilise decision has been done - to give real investing , i.e. businesses too little room for manoeuvre and far too little support . 
if the proposal had gone through , REACH would not have enriched the GHS . 
I have also noticed that the aim is rather tubakasvatamine , not smoking . 
finally , the important environmental policy should be used as a tool of cooperation between regions . 
what does the Commission intend to do about this ? 
these values are calling for very strongly that we protect them through the common foreign and security policy . 
so far , certain indicators and the Maastricht Treaty - now the Lisbon Treaty - the rate of fulfilling the criteria , has shown that this objective is possible . 
the crisis in the dairy sector have clearly shown that the common organisation of the market in milk still requires kvoodimehhanisme instruments , in particular , in order to address the issues of the imbalances in the market . 
the Ombudsman has not , cannot and will soon be the embodiment of the EU for democracy . 
from the point of view of budgetary and financial accountability is at least as important to define the budgetary principles become effective and financial regulations , and to comply with them . 
nuclear power stations produce more than 30 % of the electricity supply and nuclear energy has advantages that cannot be denied , no matter what political views we have . 
I voted in favour of this report because it provides guidelines to improve young people &apos;s education and to reduce unemployment . 
in fact , our work is not the definition of family law , it is one of the competences of the Member States . 
the new name is &apos; the financing instrument for cooperation in the Middle East , Asia , North and South America and South African countries &apos; . 
a great deal can be done in terms of self-regulation , but obviously cannot do without weighty binding legal instruments to combat ekspluateerimisjuhtudega behind which not only individuals but often criminal organisations . 
inequality effects can be seen very clearly when compared with the countries that are major differences between , such as , for example , the countries of Eastern and Western Europe . 
which moreover - and this is something that has not been taken into account during this transitional period , it is necessary to introduce strict conditions on the payment of dividends and bonuses . 
we have Treaty guards and ensure that the Treaty has observed . 
in the resolution on this topic cannot focus on nuclear safety without the question , to address the most important instrument of nuclear safety , which is abandoning nuclear power . 
on behalf of the IND / DEM Group . - ( DA ) Madam President , I would like to thank the Committee on Legal Affairs and the rapporteur for the report on the sound of soft law - the ugly word that , fortunately , does not exist in Danish . 
our reports on the previous time . 
poverty and the European Union . 
if necessary , they should offer those facing bankruptcy kapitalituge financial institutions . 
in the case of distortions we can have different opinions - but if they are there . 
in February , the UK out of their national strategy for combating the area , which gives investment mälukliinikute network , improve support to people suffering haigusseisundi and start suurkampaaniaid raising public awareness . 
this is a sign of the failure to implement the tyranny such as well : the failure of the major political , economic and social problems faced by vulnerable individuals ; tyranny . 
14 . 
it is precisely because of its history Europe must take commitments on this front . 
you talk about the European Union &apos;s policy on the social impact of measurements . 
in the case of animal transport requirements applicable to institute a means that we do not protect it not only of the animals but , above all , mean ensuring people &apos;s safety and health care . 
in my opinion , this information keen väljapigistamine us did not protection . 
on the contrary , must be taken into account in the medium and long term solutions and assess the reasons why this market will not work properly , making it together with the best ways of sustainable production , and not forgetting the consumer &apos;s right to a fair price . 
in writing . - ( DE ) I voted for the report on the labelling of textile names and . 
among other research without allowing this summit failed so-called developing countries on the issue of financing for adaptation , because those who took commitments , was too little . 
but we understand its usefulness in reducing fragmentation of the research and skills , knowledge and financial resources in a critical mass . 
I support the demands made by the Turkish Government in relation to the continuation of the reform of the country &apos;s social policies , in order to improve social dialogue in the labour market , and also with regard to increase efforts in the area of women &apos;s rights and gender equality , especially in terms of gender violence . 
we must now begin negotiations on the agreement on the protection of the Arctic , as was also in relation to the Antarctic . 
therefore , I welcome the abolition of tollibarjääride - no matter how temporary it is - and I am sure that we will be able to assess this transition process , proposed by the Commission . 
the GUE / NGL Group cannot support this directive . 
part of the critical remarks are difficult to explain to the citizens of the Czech Republic , who have been waiting for years with the US visa waiver programme . 
ladies and gentlemen , the right to asylum is a fundamental human right . 
this Parliament has always condemned the violence and terrorism and supported the political solutions . 
how are you going to hold a dialogue now ? 
but constituents have a right to it . 
is this the European Parliament wants to bring citizens closer to the budget ? 
that said , I would also like to express clearly that I still have doubts Article 20 . 
therefore , my group and I therefore also support the directive , because it will achieve a decisive step forward in the European Parliament , which has a positive impact on the lives of the European public . 
the first of these is the bodies and institutions of the EU support for small and medium-sized enterprises , in this case the misleading business practices in the context of the protection of , and the second is the protection of competition , preventing the widespread unfair competition , which also includes the issue of misleading and comparative advertising . 
the committees concerned should meet jointly so that arguments can be exchanged &#91; ... &#93; opinions and the majority and minority viewpoints can emerge . 
( HU ) We have recently been noticed that public opinion is following this issue with a special attention , especially those issues on which we are debating this means of on-call time and the opt-out . 
we all have the self-evident right to evade their workplace from tobacco smoke , just as is self-evident right not to be lastelgi mänguväljakutel tobacco smoke . 
however , this must take place in each Member State and debate through the actions of promoting hariva for every new generation of an evaluation of the equal value of all people . 
firstly , let us promote the creation of green jobs , in other words , let us give opportunities to support more companies who create green jobs and employ young people , whether it is agriculture , transport and manufacturing or in the services sector . 
firstly , I have already said that we need to do in this area in cooperation with other international partners . it is also one of the reasons why the Belarus should continue to adherence to the principle of multilateralism and why we must act vigorously with the Eastern Partnership countries , in order to find a consensus on this issue . 
in this sense , it is a good compromise . 
I think that this debate is important , and I recognise that there are some very important approaches that should be complied with . 
on a coordinated response was a separate issue . 
how can we be sure that those private companies do not act monopoly or oligopoly or not to achieve price setter , which is not for consumers , in this case , students , acceptable , and are , ultimately , also ebakvaliteetset education ? 
in this sense , it was the Commission &apos;s recommendation , which lays down minimum requirements for environmental inspections in the Member States , in 2001 , at the time of the adoption of a great success . 
( DE ) Mr President , I would like to express my heartfelt sympathy for all those who are in mourning family members or friends . 
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to offer my heartfelt thanks to the rapporteur , Ms Dagmar Roth-Behrendt , and her two shadow rapporteur , Mrs Frédérique Ries and Mrs Françoise Grossetźtele for their constructive and intensive cooperation , which has enabled us to reach an agreement at first reading . 
cloned animals are often kehavigadega or the sick and the majority is not born even life . 
the Lisbon result is following approach , which I support , but I do not think that will help to change the reasons for the future of Europe . 
the Member States must improve adequate pensions that are fighting gender discrimination in the labour market , above all , the reduction in income gap by 10 % by 2020 . 
use us as much as possible , because today we will draw up a common foreign and security policy in the next report on what is happening in 2011 and extraordinarily dynamic action gives us the opportunity to put their home again . 
the vote will take place at the end of the debates . 
there will not be a real threat to the good been nuclear reactors , but the wrong political control of the nuclear reactors . 
us - Europeans , states and Parliament - have been invited to address this problem and from us , ladies and gentlemen , it is not being asked for aid of not only in the last few years , but for a very long time . 
these two banks have an enormous amount of money that this laenudesse to place their work and must therefore take place according to clear criteria and principles . 
Mr Vigenin , if you could give me an answer to that question ? 
we must realise , however , that certain measures need to be taken , and that our political and economic activities and standardised fundamental rights are consistent is not balanced . 
its potential is much greater . 
however , on a delegation visit to Sri Lanka . 
we must not forget that here , depending on the attitude of society , can also strong anti-European forces to power . 
during this debate , Mr Schulz expressed the view that I had to inform the European Parliament . 
therefore , the Commission must now respond to . 
in addition , I should like to support our group &apos;s call for the release of imprisoned journalists unconditional and complement the Azerbaijani law properly . 
this is my first time as the representative of the Presidency of the Council to Members . the Swedish Presidency of the Council &apos;s , and also on my own behalf , I would like you , Mr President , to congratulate most sincerely . 
( SL ) Mr President , as is currently happening on the streets of Cairo revolution is over , choose the Egyptians political system and its leaders . 
I myself spoke of the need for Europe to fulfil their obligations that could remain credible . 
I believe , however , that the agreement is useful , and we shall adopt it tomorrow without any problems . 
I would like to know whether you believe that , in view of the disaster in the Gulf of Mexico has not been harmonised and relatively small responsibility ceilings precisely the ones that we need . 
we therefore call on the Member States to participate in this initiative and give it enough human and financial resources . 
these include nearly 50 countries , where the citizens will suffer the consequences , which is caused by one after the implementation of the recommendations adopted by the United Nations conferences of successive failures have prompted . 
therefore , the objectives set out in the agreement is undoubtedly important . 
this is the second important reason to support the report . 
the European people deserve no less . 
we call on to build a new Europe , a Europe of sovereign states , which establishes the special relations with Russia . 
things are often broken . 
does the European Commission intend to Parliament &apos;s policy in this sector in the context of the resolution of 13 March 2007 review that it would be possible to find a global approach that takes into account not only for users , but also in the interests of the creative industries and litsentsihoidjate ? 
if the region proposes a coherent waste management plan , allows the European Union financial instruments . 
it is also important to ensure rapid implementation of the funding for full transparency and related a strong political will . 
it goes allows that if he wins the general elections , then he is to hold a referendum , when all 27 Member States that have not yet ratified it . 
the resolution gives a very good overview of the situation , which has a dynamic for the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia full of opportunities . 
we are therefore going to have demograafianädala , with the participation of NGOs and will take place in the informal meeting of Ministers pereküsimustega . 
( DA ) Mr President , I voted against the report on the budget , but I would like to thank the many colleagues , who are , unfortunately , too much - who voted in favour of the report because it gave a wonderful presentation of realism nihkest here in the European Parliament and the EU institutions , in comparison with the outside world , inhabited by people , for whom we actually these regulations are creating . 
that is why the Environment Committee would have liked her timetable would be included , because this will enable a thorough debate on this subject and Parliament &apos;s position . 
firstly , this concerns the content and secondly procedure . I repeat some of the things that all the political groups have already expressed very well . 
in writing . - ( PT ) I am in favour of postponing the decision , which confirms the EU general budget for the financial year 2008 , on behalf of the fulfilment of transparency and rigour , not only on the implementation of the budget , but the whole of the EU full use of financial resources in terms of monitoring . 
therefore , if I had to report to make their choice of novel foods , then I have selected initially consumer welfare , food safety , the environment and animal welfare . 
he could to make concessions to users who open new routes in accordance with EC competition law is chosen &#91; ... &#93; shall &#91; ... &#93; &apos; . 
after all , we are aware of the gradual investeerimistoodete recession . 
many women continue to be concentrated in limited choice professions , do part-time or vähemakstud such work or jobs where their skills and contributions underestimated . 
we were told that the European Arrest Warrant will help to fight terrorism , and we all know that it has become something more . 
tourism offers significant opportunities for social and economic development , but also social and territorial cohesion . 
the Commission and Member States to allocate recently the promise of nearly EUR 500 million is a major and important step in this direction and we should all support it . 
it says that every generation is faced with new challenges . 
it is regrettable that this resolution did not win this House a voice , because the Socialist position was supported by the interests of European citizens . 
in principle , it is vitally important that Europe does not forget about nor turn our back on all those women who are not guaranteed freedom and hope met in the future . 
this destruction obvious aim was to remove all the evidence that the residents of the city of Christians from Greece is culture . 
for some reason we have been witnessing an unprecedented wave of üldstreikide throughout Europe . 
I also approve the idea that the application of this directive may increase the volume of waste and käideldavate reporting , particularly with regard to the collection rate higher collection target , in relation to achieving the responsibility and the responsibility of consumers . 
patients must be absolutely sure that the medicines they consume really are the medicines they expect to take . 
of course , we would be then need two different dossier that could be rapidly to take any exceptional measures , and we can be sure that there will be enough time for overhaul . 
in addition , you are very generous have also created a budget line to encourage Member States to set up such mechanism , or at least to deal with mutual ties kidnapping caveats . 
the European Commission says in its communication on the Renewed Social Agenda : &apos; the Commission also calls upon all Member States to set an example by ratifying and implementing the ILO conventions that the ILO has recognised the timely . &apos; 
it is important that the losses sanctions would be as low as possible on the populations of the countries whose political regions sanctions will be applied . 
in writing . - ( PT ) The European Union is a key element of the consumer policy for the consolidation of the internal market . 
we also think that the whole proposal should be approved through codecision under Article 199 . 
the reference to the fact that this must be regulated at a global level , is familiar with kliimaarutelust . 
I am not surprised that ordinary and decent citizens of Ireland is flummoxed because they are concerned is temporary allies among many &apos; no &apos; votes - Ms McDonald and Mr Farage . 
action taken on Parliament &apos;s positions and resolutions : see Minutes 
on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group . - Mr President , I hope that during the course of the debate , we are asking for the Commissions &apos; to investigate impartially these massihaudasid , protect these areas and to put an end to the relevant investigations läbiviivate persons harassment . 
the measures taken by the EU in the short , medium and term has adopted , will lead to the Union clearly forward towards economic union . 
the June List defend in Sweden members of the referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon . 
we are working together with the social partners , because we believe that this , too , the idea to work together with the social partners , is part of our European model , and we believe that in this way we can help workers tulevikuametiteks to prepare for the sustainable and low carbon economy , where we want Europe to draw . 
fourthly , while , on the one hand , cause of some Member States , including the United States excessive spending and laenukoormused large trade deficit , then , on the other hand , some of the emerging countries are experiencing trade surpluses . 
as apparent from the debate and its proposed alternative proposals here goes a power struggle between the Commission and the Council . 
these are the sectors that are linked to the largest geopolitical risk . 
since the Internet providers offered specific forms of full impact on consumers is not yet known , we need to act quickly , in order to meet this shortfall in knowledge . 
it must be one of the Copenhagen results . 
it is not such an agreement . 
above all , we must remember the small and medium-sized enterprises , which not only provides jobs for a large part of our citizens , but which also has a huge potential in the area of innovation . 
if we go down this road , there is no longer any investment in this sector . 
the Commissioner has also hakklihaga comparison , but we know that , in the case of minced meat is not the same hygiene standards in the case of meat products , which prepared . therefore , I should like to question Commissioner both are correct . 
in Poland , the opinion of the German Chancellor , much more important than that of Mr Van Rompuy and Mr David Cameron loud resonant voice is much more important from that of President Barroso . 
is the Commission prepared to ordinary hõõgpirnide ban at least households derogation do ? 
I sincerely hope that the Member States will take part in the White Paper &apos; Pierre de Coubertin &apos; action plan seriously and that the Commission will give the necessary guidelines and , if necessary , economic aid to its disposal arengufondidest . 
Mr President , it is right that we must regulate the financial markets and to introduce a safety net . 
in recent years , the differences between the Member States have started to be reduced , but at the same time , has increased appreciably differences within the individual Member States . 
in my view , can play a key role in better regulation , which contains a survey of new and existing laws on minors . 
if the country meets the conditions , allowing it to continue with the accession process and , finally , it will be able to join the EU . 
nothing ! 
obviously he takes time for negotiations with representatives of both sides , but I consider it important that he is in these efforts both our support for the other countries . 
of course , one can say that better late than never &apos; , and this amendment we can at least to ensure that funds can be used fully , and I hope that they will also very quickly and in the best possible way to those who are suffering the most . 
we must ensure that reservation does not succumb to the entire statistikasüsteemile and Eurostat &apos;s ability to check eelarveandmeid presented by the Member States . 
if it wants to make comments in relation to these reports , I should be interested to hear . 
that is why I would caution that any decisions should not be taken before the International Criminal Court in the Hague has made a decision on this matter . 
objective methods and extensive the collection of evidence of the Goldstone report was these atrocities and also listed the provisions of international law with regard to what Israel its elajaliku act wealth . 
Mrs Renate Weber has said that the media law in Hungary does not provide adequate protection for the sources . 
why then we will continue our citizens &apos; torture , taking away jobs and livelihoods ? 
even the inactive part of on-call time cannot be fully or partially rest period , as the Council called for . 
it has led to the authorities , managers and the reliability of the neighbours murenemiseni . 
what sort of scientific and financial prudence to the evaluation reports can be attributed to ? 
it is important that we feel concerns about the situation of women who have arrived in Europe and who are held in detention centres . 
therefore , I welcome the result achieved . 
I would like to briefly explain why . 
the issues that arise when discussing the Lisbon Strategy , I welcome the fact that it represents a comprehensive view of sustainable economic growth , growth , the Environmental Liability and on a policy of social responsibility . 
let us hope that the referendum will put an end to the confrontation and yet again is the start of a process , as a result of which will be of lasting peace . 
firstly , there is the political context . 
on Belarus these steps are considerable . 
I ask you , which is now missing the European idea , which was the basis for the establishment of the Union ? 
also there is concern that can be reduced in the sector &apos;s competitiveness . 
I hope that the Commission will incorporate their edumeelsesse legislative proposal on the future of the common agricultural policy effective market mechanisms and the necessary financial resources to ensure that the cereal market feed manufacturers and livestock breeders and guarantee the stability of the security to plan ahead . 
many of us were at this . 
we strengthened the Commission proposal , by extending the concept of vulnerable groups , with issues such as the specific issues üksikvanemate large families , families and the needs of people with disabilities and the homeless , eriprobleemidega , the promotion of the active integration and access to culture and entertainment . 
we regulate itself , so that we do not have the market more . 
this is extremely hypocritical , now that the EU is interested in the rights of children , when his policy leads to employees consternation an alarming unemployment , temporary work , a fall in living standards , health and education systems and the privatisation of sport and culture of subordination commercial interests . 
I would like to formally to claim that the European Commission fully intends to respect the autonomy and independence of the Bureau laid down in the regulation of the principles and the Commission play no role in the strategic decision-making process . 
( FR ) the implementation of the regulatory procedure 
therefore , I believe that the debate that this evening we need , it is fair , useful and democratic , and must provide evidence of effective action . 
my second question concerns the public debate the document and largely a negative reaction in relation to agriculture . 
it was important to stand up against the proposal to include development policy as part of our foreign policy . 
we need to examine and compare the European Union and the control mechanisms being used in Member States . 
a strong economic modernisation and participation in the Eastern Partnership strategy can contribute to this task . 
we wanted to obtain revenues to improve forest protection and . I also clear performance standards for new power stations , in order for coal-fired power stations could not be released without that they have previously available carbon capture technology . 
the disadvantage is that aspect of what is referred to as the first to the second pillar - namely rural development - have been cut medium-term finantsplaneerimises and it must , on a proposal from the Commission and Parliament agree on more than EUR 20 billion cuts . 
14 . 
I believe that the &apos; Safer Internet &apos; programme can really successfully resolved these problems . 
( Parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment ) 
European companies and the tourism sector is very important for the economies of the Member States . 
generally speaking , the guidelines are needed , in particular , to ensure a strong Agency , which are in line with Mr Chichester and Mr Vidal-Quadras views expressed in the reports . 
unfortunately , at European level and advocate vastuolevad people . 
why not , at a time when , in all our countries , there are serious concerns in relation to the security of energy supplies and Turkey are geographically such in a key position , which will enable the pipelines from the Caspian Sea , still open the energy chapter ? 
this is non-negotiable . 
( RO ) I very warmly welcome the measures proposed by the Commission and the Council . 
the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy / Vice-President of the Commission . - Thank you all for an important and interesting debate . 
I would like to congratulate and thank the rapporteur for the improvement of this perspective and for the fact that she managed to give this strateegiadokumendile very positive trend . 
( FI ) Madam President , I think it is very important that we should try and deliver health claims verification of products , but it is right that we need to ensure their authenticity and scientific basis . 
I would like to express my approval for this in the Stockholm programme , which will give rise to the ambitious political efforts to improve the region by 2014 . 
firstly , security of supply - and this has been achieved . 
leave my words : siiajäämine is a mistake . 
in addition , changes are also good for Turkey itself . 
dumping , the subsidisation linked to a company was examined on the basis of complaints and algmääruste complainants can according to their complaints to withdraw the proposal . 
its policy is a response to the European Consensus on Development commitments on gender equality in all our cooperation policies and -tavades . 
in order to prepare people for life and society for action , they should schools lead towards comprehensive lifelong learning programme , the European Union , which considers that the people of all ages is able to learn , abstaining so viable and active ühiskonnaliikmeteks . 
it is therefore a question of banking secrecy legal hand at EU level we found a solution and that it cannot stop the full exchange of information between tax administrations on the basis of the request . 
they must speed up the creation of jobs and to maintain at the same time , long-term and sustainable fiscal policy . 
the Belarusian authorities &apos; decision to end the mission of the OSCE Office in Belarus is regrettable . 
you are taking them both . 
the entry into force of the new Treaty will , in fact , responsibility for the protection of investments from the Member States of the Union . 
I propose them to talk about a few staff - on the day of the vote on Wednesday - in front of the demonstration . 
in any case , we will need to change to the own resources system . 
in writing . - ( PT ) This report includes many important issues , and some discoveries , which we support . 
well , it was their fault , but apparently other fault ! 
as we have already heard , visa costs EUR 60 , which is equivalent to average nädalapalgaga Belarusian citizens . 
that overweight children in the 27 EU Member States is increasing and that lifelong terviseedendus in relation to the ageing of the population of the EU is a very high priority , is to be welcomed that the Treaty of Lisbon , the EU will have competence in sport . 
concerning the continues in the same way as before . 
but it must mean - if we want to remain credible - that we are two things : energy policy , but also human rights policy , by improving the human rights situation in these countries . 
( FR ) Mr President , this is indeed a time when needs to know what the side to choose . 
we must abandon võltsist dilemmast solidarity and competitiveness , because these two are not incompatible . 
it is to be tackled at regional level . 
the situation is indeed - and this can be linked to some of the issues - that around half of all eelregistreerimisperioodi pre-registration applications were submitted in the last two weeks , so the request for more than a million in the last two weeks . 
it is unacceptable that some individuals , extremists , violence and even decide in favour of terrorism and do this in the name of God or a religion , claiming that they are speaking for others , or that they are even above the law , and is bound by this violence countless innocent people . 
Mr President , in order to any strategy to be effective , in my view , it is essential to create the objectives and the existing policy instruments , and I can see strong links to the EU 2020 strategy rakendusmehhanismidena four key policy instrument . 
I call on the Commission to pay particular attention to small and medium-sized enterprises and guarantee them fair and non-discriminatory competition conditions . 
I would like to ask the Commissioner to take action on this issue . 
first of all , I would like to say that for me the fight for equality between men and women do not have anything to do with left-wing or right-wing views . it is also not not men and women in the fight against crime , but for the whole of society . 
as I said at the beginning of the debate , it is a turning point in the history of the Non-Proliferation Treaty , and arms control process . 
this situation resulted in the deaths of these people , who used the right freely to express our views . 
I do understand Parliament &apos;s position . 
so we need to make the situation the right conclusions . 
I think could be fraudulent use of EU funds , the publication of black list also to prevent any possible abuse and thus promote openness and transparency in the use of EU resources . 
this will take place special constraints and it greatly limits the extent of such legislation . 
rapporteur . - ( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , many thanks for their constructive comments at the end of the here and , in particular , for the constructive cooperation . 
firstly , can live with often condemnation and inefficient viisakeeldude label which is ridiculously powerless moves . 
whether it is still possible to make one or two things in the field of public supervision ? 
a genuine victims of a witch-hunt is in , for example , the voices of the thirteen patsifistide Bethlehem and Breaking the Silence . 
as Mrs Doyle said , we cannot understand why it is these amendments are unacceptable . 
( the sitting was suspended at 6.00 p.m. ) 
the aim is to prevent budget deficits and excessive debt occurring , and to promote the surveillance and coordination of economic policy , thus supporting the achievement of the objectives of the Union &apos;s economic growth and employment . 
we need to ensure a fair competition and to refuse to allow that our efforts to combat climate change would bring us in world trade at a disadvantage . 
in the last decade , in the Balkans too many villages were burnt down . 
Member of the Commission . - We follow always facts . 
it is , in fact , to see significant signs of improvement in certain economic indicators , in particular , has increased international trade and consumer and investor confidence . 
at Community level is industry 26,4 % of GDP , but there are also Member States where industrial production will only 14 % of GDP . 
whoever is responsible for this , it is totally unacceptable , absolutely and totally unacceptable that the text of paragraph 3 were initially Israel and Hamas an equal footing . 
they only need to monitor their party märguandjate gestures . 
I would like to remind everyone British Airways flight which , in 1982 , having the en route to New Zealand , through the ash cloud , and , in particular , in the case of the KLM Boeing 747-ga serious incident , which in 1989 thick volcanic ash cloud . 
it is , in any case , this usutavamalt , but also expressed küünilisemalt Paul Rosenzweig deputy ministers from the United States policy . 
he has tried to distribute the Progress Microfinance Facility budgetary resources before the European Parliament has made its decision . 
I agree with the proposal to reduce the end of 2012 , the deficit in the transposition of directives relating to the Single Market to 0.5 % in the case of incomplete and also incorrect transposition . 
after several business and lobby involvement of the proposal have been reduced , however , only 12 months , with kvartaliülevaadetega ! 
we cannot apply double standards , because this would damage the credibility of the EU , and also to introduce new conditions . 
a privileged partnership with Turkey is absolutely sufficient instead of full membership . 
all we do not need to reinvent the wheel invent . 
we cannot imagine better source of information , regardless of whether we will write books or do we want to prepare fine rooga and we are looking for an interesting prescription . 
if we erode ühinemispõhimõtteid , will not be the only us any principle . 
it is in the interests of the younger generation in Switzerland and , of course , it is in the interests of the countries bordering the young people who want to take part in Comenius-Regio õpilasvahetusprogrammides Switzerland or individual koolipartnerlustes and also the Erasmus programme . 
ladies and gentlemen , it is clear that consumer confidence has been shaken once more , and consumers , of course , ask ourselves what national authorities are doing and what the EU intends to do to polluters to suspend their activities . 
50-eurone has historically been banknotes most counterfeit notes , but the 2008 in the second half of the year - for the first time - was 20-eurone notes the most counterfeit notes . 
at the time , it was not possible more to say . 
- ( ET ) Council agreed in a number of important matter . 
the German Presidency set out three objectives - three times 20 - , and at the heart of this Treaty , which we established and which I hope the European Council tomorrow by the European Parliament is to your own , which is consistent with the objectives set . 
I deplore , Juan Soto García death and condemn the lack of freedom and democracy in Cuba . 
- ( FI ) Mr President , Commissioner , first of all , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Kacin , on his excellent and comprehensive report . 
lastly , the Commission welcomes the yesterday and presented a study on discrimination against minorities . 
did you know that the Netherlands is now already for years been the largest net contributor to the European Union and that the Greeks has for years been the largest Dutch the recipients of money ? 
we must be careful , however , not to cut the farmer that shops payable prices . 
( RO ) This year on 30 March last renewed blacklist is 278 airline companies from 17 countries . 
having lent EUR 250 million to increase production capacities , they built new plants in Poland , Romania and Hungary . 
of course , the general objective is to keep prices stable , but in the interests of farmers cannot be in order to ensure this country or the European lakeiks to start . 
indirectly , has also been involved in the conflict between Russia and call and financial resources has come from China and the Arab countries . 
this amendment will provide the opportunity for hallil significantly to expand the market and , therefore , urgently needs to be rejected . 
this is our priority now . 
( the President continued in English ) 
but I said once - and I repeat it - that , as the honourable Members know well , were deadlines such as they were , so that the Council and the Commission to act in a very short period of time . 
it is important , however , to choose the right specialisation clusters initiative must be coherent , like the entire EU industrial policy , and this must be appropriate and balanced . 
the situation in the Mediterranean region is for us a lesson mitteaustamisest human rights . 
therefore , the EU and its Mediterranean partners , specifically Egypt , the context of the Euro-Mediterranean region , negotiations . 
I support a number of the amendments tabled , which is primarily intended to clarify the objectives of the proposal to amend and their sisutihedamaks . 
this country has achieved a great deal in the last 12 years : he has implemented successfully structural and economic reforms and fought effectively corruption and organised crime . 
we have to admit that there are problems and there are measures , actions and attitudes , which may not be perfect . 
all taxes , which can be adopted is the most tobedam so-called Tobin tax . 
in general , GDP is a measure of production and does not reflect environmental sustainability , resource efficiency , social inclusion or social progress . 
there are also certain country-specific issues . 
we want to meet the democratic legitimacy after a gap in the referendums for all the pain . 
let me inimküsimuste one more word to say on the subject . 
youth unemployment is particularly worrying , as you have said . 
cohesion policy is enshrined in the Treaty of Lisbon . 
now , however , has been taken yet another step . 
this would certainly help improve cooperation within the Union . 
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , firstly , I am grateful to the European Parliament &apos;s Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy ( ITRE ) and intensive debate and to the Commission for the Committee on Regional Development for the report that we are discussing today . 
I voted in favour of the report , as I believe that improving the economic governance of the European Union is very important . 
ladies and gentlemen , if Europe has the opportunity to implement these new technological methods and use of shale gas in Europe leiduvat benefits , we can improve their common economy that we will reduce our dependence on imports . 
in Northern Ireland , it is estimated that you have our thoughts leinajatega . 
it supports the Stability Pact and currency policy and other macro-economic guidelines , as well as the irrational criteria of constantly devalues the production and labour role . 
I therefore support the idea that the finance ministers to implement Joaquín Almunia on 22 December 2004 proposal three points on the strengthening of Eurostat &apos;s plan as soon as possible . 
this requires a staged approach , according to which we would achieve 3 % level first and then in the medium term , to budgetary equilibrium . 
the current situation should analyse identified as quickly as possible and to set feasible timetable . 
the high number of children living in orphanages , which is the subject of today &apos;s debate , stands not often abandoned children , but actually it marks a poor children , parents who are not coping with their difficult personal situation . 
this is proven instrument , and in accordance with the decision , the cornerstone of cooperation and the first concrete example of the principle of mutual recognition in the area of criminal law . 
the main instrument for controlling exports is Regulation ( EC ) No 428 / 2009 , which introduced a number of significant changes to the scope of dual-use export controls in the European Union . 
I would like to raise a few questions . 
Greece , Italy and Spain will not be able to manage this alone , because these countries are under strong pressure . 
well , Mr Rack , do not worry , we started exactly at midday , and it is now at 12.04 , therefore , everything will quite well . 
Mr President , I would like to draw the Commissioner &apos;s attention to the fact that , in their own locality , I consider the local kogumispaika electrical appliances ringlusseandmiseks they themselves . 
the attacks of the PKK fear - hatred , which could escalate all . 
we need to find a common approach in this fight , therefore , based on the rule of law and the strength of the law . 
we should not only to support , but strongly demand respect for human rights , both within the EU and in its external relations . 
well , I now have another theory , namely that perhaps women who committees , the European Commission and in this House only do so difficult for small businesses to employ young women , are fighting for its own interests , in fact . 
economic growth , reached almost 3 % in 2007 . 
extending the mandate of MONUC engaged on the ground , without doubt , but it must be firmly to reassess and to strengthen this , so that it can to prevent such an ever growing vägivaldsust . 
secondly , I call for the Belarusian Government to ask whether or not it is already time to abolish all the Chernobyl children travel restrictions . 
the importance of this can feel pilguheidust my country &apos;s terrible history and currently taking place around the violations of human rights . 
I would like to thank Mrs Matias for her excellent work . 
nobody is against transparency . 
I now ask speakers should comply with their speaking time . 
the Belarusian authorities &apos; attitude is a amazement , because it is contrary to what happened during the election campaign , when we saw the various powers - a genuine opposition and active civil society - arise . 
the Commission is requested and the negotiating mandate received from the Council , which gives a mandate for the negotiations with Liechtenstein specifically on how to eliminate the current weaknesses in the system of the fight against tax fraud and money laundering . 
the Commission has taken action to stabilise the financial system , which will help the banks to lend to their customers once again . 
the Energy Labelling Directive has a crucial role to play in achieving the 20 % energy efficiency target by 2020 . 
solidarity or a level playing field does not count any more . 
in particular , I would like to make it clear , Mr President , that , prior to the vote at the level of the Commission on these reports , and we have asked the European Commission gave us a guarantee that ensures full reciprocity . 
this is adapted to the new challenges , which is the effects of globalisation , climate change and demographic change . 
it is all very well , but it is already the first signs and trends in the so-called political correctness , the prevention of siege , engagement with the consensus and , who knows , sooner or later , making them punishable . 
we need to make the following the common foreign and security policy is a major leap . 
however , we must make it clear , however - some countries with lower standards to understand this , if these standards are raised - that freedom of movement should not be accompanied by certain become the norm of competition , which affects the established abandonment of social standards . 
we , the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece , have therefore voted against the resolution , thereby confirming its position in the imperialist EU and its enlargement . 
secondly , raises the study on the proposal submitted by the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs , who I would like at this point to thank once again taking the opportunity , a number of questions , which is worth a separate reply , but on the whole , this will probably mean that the Council has a great opposition to this proposal . 
Europe is faced with an enormous economic crisis and must seek effective ways out of it . 
I am pleased that the established recently in Kosovo Serbian community that members of the security forces and the police to Kosovo . 
at the behest of the Council of Europe , the European Commission has undertaken to draw up a proposal to shape the intergovernmental European Heritage Label Community kultuuriinstitutsiooniks . 
that is why I support the decision to impose stress tests on nuclear power stations in the territory of the EU . 
the transport system , which works well at local level , is better than service provision of over-regulation , which will end . 
author . - ( NL ) Mr President , my most important question to the Council is , in fact , whether he considers itself to be misguided . 
these will result in higher production costs , and this may distort competition with countries where the legislation in this area is less stringent . 
I would draw attention to the position of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , which stresses that sport must be socially and particularly with young people , to value as a means of them tolerance , respect and involvement . 
the minimum wage is certainly a good idea , but it must be workers and the European small and medium-sized enterprises in the form of tax breaks provided by the overall package . 
I would also like to address the subject of you - it is , of course , the resources that we use to promote and support democracy in the area of human rights . 
I will perhaps does not deal with these issues in order to them , but I will try to respond briefly . 
I think that it is our biggest crisis so far . 
the European Commission is a suitable instruments and mechanisms to supervise the financial policy of the Member States and to correct it . 
( applause ) 
in July last year the Ashraf in Iraq attack on the People &apos;s Mujahedin Organisation of Iran ( PMOI ) camp can only mention metsikuks and savage exploitation . 
it pushes the crisis but forward . 
as a result of the adoption of this report , Member States will have to take coordinated measures to fight against this disease in the European Union . 
now that President Assad is beginning to take the brutal action against its own people , we understand , of course , his activities conscientiously condemn and impose sanctions , which is of little help . 
there is only one Europe and that Europe is our homes . 
we have witnessed , and also in the whole world knows that the US Government was forced to trükkima - more money in the first stage of the USD 700 billion in the recent stages and in another USD 600 billion . 
European industry is facing not only the effects of the economic crisis , but also new challenges in a globalised era . 
we know that terrorism is a global threat and therefore needs a globally coordinated response , which necessarily involves an increase in information flow and -vahetuse positions seesmist coordination , coordination / partnership with third countries , the implementation of the strategy global terrorism , where the United Nations can play a leading role in the fight against terrorism , and in close cooperation with the various regional and international organisations . 
of course there was , for our group , the report on biometrics in linking viisaraportiga as fly in the ointment . 
currently , it is more important than ever . 
increasing the energy efficiency of buildings will help to reduce the consumption of primary energy and CO2 emissions . 
therefore , the year 2010 will be the year for combating poverty . 
in recent times , has been hit by the Slovenian minorities in Italy , Austria and Hungary their interests of great pressure because of funding cuts . 
this report is the result of the balances of animal welfare and the focus has been taken into account the problem of antibiotic resistance and cost efficiency in relation to corporate properties . 
I am aware of less than 10 metres of ship owners in the UK at the foundation of the Union . 
furthermore , it is the SADC vahenduspüüdeid support President Mbeki to reach the people of Zimbabwe on the outcome of the 29 March choice meelepärasemale . 
one of these is the deeper causes of the extreme poverty in these countries , which will make countries weak and does not enable them to fulfil their national tasks . 
in any case , even though the introduction of an optional instrument is aimed at facilitating cross-border trade , taking due account of the needs of consumers and businesses need to be borne in mind that the existing European legislation already satisfy the needs of the different parties . 
( the sitting was closed at 1 p.m. ) 
Mr President , I am grateful to the honourable Member intervention . 
unfortunately , however , it is unlikely that all the European Parliament &apos;s proposals will be adopted . 
combating the rise of extremism in Europe ( debate ) 
hardly was such a request has been made , if you , Mr President , that many Members here with juubeldamise read . 
I would now like to turn to the future Partnership and Cooperation Agreement , which is the subject of this debate . 
I support country of origin labelling system that will promote these standards , and I believe that that is acceptable to the majority of consumers and producers . 
it is true that the Commission has , for a long time , moved away from the interests of the citizens of the Union , following the neoliberal policy . 
at the request of the Supreme Court did kultuuriministeerium decision means that the implementation of the plan for desecration of heritage of the Constitutional Court , and also recently attempted to stop it or decided that it should be suspended . 
this effective cooperation in this area , there is no reason to change pisimgi structures . 
very soon we will prove once again that they had no right . 
this situation is forcing the EU import more than 40 million tonnes of protein crops , and is the result of long-term contracts , which allow the duty-free imports of oilseed and protein crops , such as the general customs and trade agreement and the Blair House agreement . 
being well aware that ENISA &apos;s work is an important social interest is concerned , I hope that this will be allocated more resources . 
we currently have work to do , and we must not waste any time . 
( SK ) Perhaps cold also because it is here that the Commission will take our Parliament and its opinions , very little account . 
this text is included in the ideology of Europeanisation element . 
Mr President , you may think that this Parliament in July because I left of Parliament , I do not have any views on the programme for 2010 . 
in order to have any hope of kalandusriikide success , we cannot allow a situation where fish stocks is threatening the race to try and unilaterally across the whole of the existing stock . 
at the same time , it is also clear that not all countries are possible without wearing the economic losses to take strong measures proposed in a relatively short time . 
this is not just . 
( HU ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the future of Europe is heavily affected , whether it is able to develop societies , which have a and support children . 
support for human rights defenders has long been part of the EU &apos;s human rights and välissuhetealase policy . 
the rule of law requires criminal responsibility to be individual , must not collective . 
I voted in favour of the report , but I did so only because the report made it very clear that no progress in the accession negotiations with Turkey . 
what are we talking about here ? 
the review planned does not meet these requirements and that is why I voted against . 
it is questionable whether this approach pays off . 
thirdly , there is no in France as usual the intention to impose any concrete models , and as I have said , it is for each Member State to decide on . 
we know that the Commission will come forward with the Council in the coming months , bearing in mind the stance of the revised proposal for a recast . 
the second me striking anomaly is that , although we are allowed to determine their own composition , which is all the European institutions and the Union &apos;s own critically important for the institutional issue , we are not allowed to choose their own forum stubbornness of one of the Member States and , instead , is being sold to us as kutsikat asbestos läbiimbunud city of Strasbourg . 
Terminis &apos; food security &apos; highlights the need to take specific measures to increase global food stocks : it is a human rights law , which includes the physical and economic access to healthy , adequate and nutritious food . 
in writing . - ( RO ) we often say that young people are the future of Europe . 
I would like once again to support this EU initiative to facilitate the EU &apos;s active support for the vaccination programmes , which , if implemented , has managed to significantly reduce tuberculosis infection rates , as confirmed by the statistics of the Member States of the EU . 
Mr President , Commissioner and Vice-President Barrot , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking Mr Javier Moreno Sánchez , on and the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , because our debate on establishing EUROSUR and FRONTEX is this time been intense . 
our ports are free from impurities . 
one hundred years we have made a lot of progress , but there is still much to be done . 
particularly in view of the consumer scoreboard , what methods , the Commission intends to use that processed young consumers the data collected and how will reach them with the necessary information ? 
the rules must be to implement honestly and according to a single standard . 
the Portuguese Presidency , under the leadership of the socialist government has a responsibility to try to implement changes . 
now the world has changed and that these mechanisms must also change . 
demand has risen sharply , because the economy and population has grown , and has also increased demand individuaaltranspordivahendite . 
those who claim that in Italy there is no freedom of expression or the pluralism of information , are lying , and they know it . 
I agree with Mr Stevenson , namely , that the current prices mean only a small increase in income for farmers compared to the lion &apos;s share of the dossiers on which kaubandussektor , supermarkets and take a turuspekulandid . 
this is something which we have achieved in cooperation with the Council - and I must admit that some kind of pressure on the road - that we have in the medium term , be able to resolve the problem . 
I agree with Mrs Wallis said about the role of the Committee on Petitions . 
competition policy is an essential part of riigiabipoliitika , enabling to ensure equal opportunities for everyone operating companies in the single market . 
emphasis has been given to the need to provide assistance to women who want to set up their own businesses . 
unfortunately , prevent independent garage ability to compete authorised remonditöökodadega still a number of restrictions , including limited access to spare parts and technical information . 
if the work done in time , then we will be able to implement innovation and still to protect jobs . 
in the light of the current state of civil aviation , we believe that the draft Treaty raises serious concerns about its scope and possible consequences . 
mobilisation of the EU Solidarity Fund ( 
Parliament shares our desire to establish kaitsvam , more effective and fairer European asylum system . 
President Medvedev today is involved in the G20 meeting in London . 
on behalf of the PSE Group . - Mr President , we want to congratulate both rapporteurs . 
constantly will be heard the same clichés about - either international or those which are motivated not understanding of the issues or stupidity . 
this is my first message . 
this is a very important factor . 
we must therefore organs sõeluma before their use . 
this is the possession of financing the common asylum policy between the Member States and all the European Asylum Support Office , and all the challenges that await us in reaching agreements on normal standards . 
you do not even know how you will vote on today . 
the last thing I want to say is actually connected with Mr Schwab was saying in relation to all the research . 
the link between the two is obvious . 
this is obviously created more jobs and , in some cases , enhanced regional economies . 
I thank you for your support . 
in other words , it requires varjatust and keeping a secret . 
in order to provide a stable basis for discussion , the Member States should submit bilansid generations . 
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs - ( NL ) Madam President , the package contains intelligent proposals consumers &apos; rights and the protection of privacy , but , unfortunately , there are no coherence and therefore creates legal uncertainty for both businesses and consumers , since the scope is totally unclear . 
the European Union and the international community &apos;s basic opportunities to make the real situation in Somalia is small . 
I am talking about transparency . 
although it is not perfect , it is a step in the right direction . 
whether it be the closure of the post office or every two weeks &apos;s prügikogumisega , always have the finger pointed at it in another direction and corrupt impact will not come out of Brussels . 
if the European Union truly wants to develop a foreign policy , which in the world to some extent the effect , then it must have the financial industry . 
I am very happy to express support for the European project , which provides added value not only for Europe but also the world through our goal to finally tuberculosis . 
( EL ) Mr President , first of all I would like to congratulate Mr Capoulas Santos on his report . 
the report on territorial , social and economic cohesion , in my opinion , an attempt is being made to provide a comprehensive framework highlighting the integrating role of cohesion policy and the contribution it makes to increasing the EU &apos;s global competitiveness . 
it is equally important to put forward specific proposals on the principle of reciprocity , and I welcome the fact that your report recognises the internal energy market measures aimed at protecting the importance of reciprocity . 
life assurance policy ( implementing powers conferred on the Commission ) ( vote ) 
that is why we are they valisimegi - we wanted to choose the people who make traffic smooth for all European citizens , so that they can get a better life , and that is exactly what they hakkavadki do . 
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as I said to the Commissioner I recall , in the last months we have repeatedly addressed chemical substances and mixtures system for classification , labelling and packaging , better known by the acronym GHS , and in the area of which I am the rapporteur . 
it is therefore more than justified to condemn in drawing up the resolution of a number of non-governmental organisations , especially the protection of human rights organisations involved in persecution , which is now in Egypt will take place , and to support freedom of association campaign , which is managed by the many social movements . 
the Hungarian socialist colleagues to contribute to overcoming the legacy of a tremendous amount of energy , in order to make the Hungarian democratic and free country in Europe , and this on the basis of the mandate of the constitutional Hungarian citizens free elections , which gave to us . 
the European Union underlines the need to achieve in the Middle East in a just , lasting and comprehensive peace , and calls for the Palestinian-Israeli discussions continue to the Palestinian-Israeli conflict and solve all the outstanding problems , including the main issues . 
now I would like to touch on a specific article of the new draft Treaty , which we have been discussing before : Article 24 of the Treaty on European Union . 
firstly , it is right to leave a 10 % share of biofuels , because if there is a problem in Europe , then it is energy security problem . 
unemployment , unhealthy working conditions , lower pensions below the standard of living and problems relating to access to high quality public services are among the principal reasons for poverty , which will enable us to talk about the nature of the poor feminiseerumisest . 
on 4 calls on Israel to cease military actions killing or threaten civilians and extrajudicial targeted killings ; 
however , as other Members have said before me , it is not also be achieved without intelligent juhita who understands traffic and with sufficient technical knowledge . 
( ES ) Mr President , this accident cannot , of course , be compared to other incidents , which is related to the oil tankers or even cargoes as Naples , which must international Merendusbüroo IMB still to take the decision . 
it is high time that even in school classrooms , which were to be abolished , at the time of Mussolini riigikoolidest . 
that is why this important measure in the area of recycling of waste electrical and electronic equipment is a good step in the right direction , because this will enable us to improve resource efficiency and to ensure the return of producers of raw materials . 
I do not know whether you will still the introduction of a financial transaction tax . 
but please think about the difficulties . 
the main objective was to provide financial assistance to Bulgaria and the other countries which have been forced to dekomisjoneerima their operate nuclear power plants , even though it is against their convictions . 
Parliament &apos;s management body should such situations in the future , there is , as we see today . 
it must be emphasised that the European deals with Mexico important partner in the supply of raw materials . 
we need to be consistent . 
I would also like to express my thanks to my colleagues &apos; budget &apos; in the Council , and to all those who work with them , a firm for the support they gave to the President-in-Office , my special thanks go to the Commissioner Dalia Grybauskaitė , who fully met its a neutral mediation role , and finally , I would like to thank the workers in these three institutions who participated in these negotiations , their very valuable and professional contributions . 
this is particularly good news for those who live in border regions , and , in particular , those who suffer from rare diseases and need specialised care , which are not available in their country of residence . 
police cooperation at the level of the EU will therefore logically an intergovernmental approach . 
in writing . - ( NL ) Opel Antwerp , the former employees and four supplier is still tigedad on this , by the way , GM them . 
the Thai soldiers shooting must stop the violence against the demonstrators , nor cannot lead to democratic solution . 
instability in the region remains , despite the success of the ISAF operations . 
as regards the aforementioned quotas , then I believe that it is a little bit the point . 
in writing . - ( PT ) I am explaining how I voted . 
during the last year , it has become clear that in this area , it is necessary to take more action , mainly to the Member States , but also by the European Union . 
in addition to the elimination of the gender pay gap still need to resolve the strengthening of the role of women in the family and the question of ratification of the principle of equal treatment . 
it is very difficult to ask the speaker to conclude , especially when he is in full swing , however , however , try to keep to my speaking time . 
if you look at the other products in the single market in goods and services , motorways , railways , airports , airlines , the digital world , waterways - available for the foundations , you will see that we have energy , especially for transporting gas and electricity fulfilment of the necessary infrastructure needs a long way off , in order to achieve our European energy policy objectives , which is greater security of supply , solidarity , competition and the interests of consumers . 
the harmonisation of goods transport , particularly with regard to the multimodal transport , is absolutely vital and logical step , which should have a positive impact on the EU &apos;s internal market . 
for our group , however , is the subject of concern , in particular , the issue of energy poverty and what are we going to do for dealing with it , because it is still a very serious problem in Europe . 
antibiotic resistance ( debate ) 
it can help us the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) consistent work on drafting the guidelines concerning adaptation mainstreaming in development cooperation . 
we have also specified the äristiimulid . 
( HU ) the military junta has promised that the 2010 elections will be free and democratic . 
we also see the Information Society and Media Directorate General work in progress towards increased confidence in against consumers roaming , and this is just the beginning . 
however , I am põhjalikumal kinds of consideration and after listening to arguments convinced that we will be able to retain a multilingual access , although in its new form . 
all of these things are happening , and if we express our concern to them , the local elections can take place , in my opinion , a much better atmosphere . 
if we now say that we adopt a firm pidurdussüsteemi 100 % , which human errors excludes , then this is not true . 
whether we have not learnt anything at all from the Second World War ? 
the economic crisis has become a problem all over the world , but the economic crisis is also an opportunity to deepen and recasting of transatlantic relations . 
in writing . - ( LT ) Although Lithuania söetööstusel is not a great deal of importance to the economy , this report is important for my country of origin . 
in this regard , I would like to emphasise that if my report on equality between women and men in 2009 was adopted , was supported by the majority of Members of the European Parliament &apos;s position that women must have easy access to contraception and abortion &apos; . 
on the one hand , the European political parties and their common European status on the creation of a modern , quick and public information . 
in order to avoid tax evasion is extremely important , that these three countries ( Belgium , Luxembourg and Austria ) , who has now been released teabevahetussüsteemist , is integrated into this system which other countries have already introduced . 
both think that some of the remaining intervention mechanisms should be gradually lose and that agriculture should be subject to the free market . 
some of that money has not yet been used in Italy and we are almost every day with the Italian authorities cooperate in order to see how the money can be distributed so that it can be used to resolve the situation in Lampedusa . 
it is no wonder that many üritava from Burma to leave , because they have no other choice . 
therefore , was invited to the European Council in March , the Council and the Commission to present before the meeting of the European Council in June , the development of the competences of the plan to manage migration and refugee flows . 
is the Council prepared to accept it ? 
I urge as lively Tibetan palveratas from Member State to Member State , the conference , and I ask that are already available resources . 
the rapporteur highlights the benefits that will bring to the euro , but also the risks and problems that may arise . 
we saw enthusiasm and gratitude and I think , Commissioner , that development should be taken into account in all European Union policies . 
however , I believe that , in the name of the law harassment and injustice is unacceptable , causing fear and reduction of hatred and can inimühiskondades . 
( DE ) Mr President , I have a question to President Pöttering saying : do you still have the right to vote in this Parliament ? 
if the British Government wants to make savings , he can to adopt the euro , to give the EU greater powers and responsibilities and to keep the money together at the expense of those people who work in Britain fiscal policy . 
furthermore , President Barroso will encourage mindki very today &apos;s the debate in the European Parliament . 
terrorist networks is intended to undermine peace and stability in the region . they must not be allowed to achieve success . 
here there is simply no alternative . 
Eneseaustusega Parliament will not give up its traditional arhiveerimissüsteemist . 
I agree that it is necessary . 
( DE ) Mr President , as you know , has now 28 countries , including 25 Member States of the European Union , its ühispiiridelt lost control of passengers . 
in this case , we have their work well . 
this strategy must certainly include courageous targets and innovative measures . 
we often say that EU small businesses are the heart of the European Union &apos;s economy . 
in favour of the Gruber flowers in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , on behalf of the Commission report on the policy plan on legal migration and 
their landfill sites ettekujuteldamatu segilöömine may cause ecological disaster . 
I would even say that the majority of micro-entities do not understand its accounts , which has also been confirmed by the Commission &apos;s studies . 
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , I shall be very brief because a lot has been said . 
the final issue is the methodology . 
we are talking about the energy provided to Europe , which the EU &apos;s policy should regulate as , as also gas and other energy sources . 
the RoHS Directive and the Council of 28 January 1988 cadmium environmental pollution resulting from the resolution on the elimination of Community action programme is directed mainly against the use of cadmium , because Europe is a region which this threatens the cumulative carcinogenic a poison in particular . 
this must be achieved within the framework of the limit values laid down in the directive ; otherwise , it is worthless . 
the premature ageing animals piinlesid or other diseases . 
that is why we need to do in relation to the institutional and practical solutions correct conclusions . 
- ( CS ) Mr President , I was extremely good , pleased that Mr Schwab has reached a compromise with the Council , which strengthens the rights of consumers and also includes my proposals on the Internet . 
we expect , therefore , that we have been given the opportunity to be used for investment in improving energy efficiency and buildings over the next few years , an opportunity to create millions of new jobs . 
as for the floor for one minute , do not have the time to raise how policy . 
the procurement process , which prohibits to give priority to the local employees and employees , generates a lot to increasing outrage at the European Union and its rigid valitsemisviisi . 
we are sending a delegation to the G20 to discuss ways of getting out of the financial crisis . 
this is not only a problem in developing countries but also in Eastern Europe . 
when it comes to the required number of signatures , deposiidisummast , their control , look at what happened a few months ago in St Petersburg - not in any of these points not to meet the criteria that we and the rest of the world we need to free and fair elections . 
I would like to answer some of the questions and to prepare for further cooperation , because we are not at the finishing line yet . 
I would add that the Council common position introduces an express the opt-out review clause . 
improving the expenditure programmes , the Court suggests applying the principles that will ensure that the European added value is a promising sign that the objectives are clear that plans is both realistic and simple , if it is sensibly as possible , and that also reporting is understandable . 
the Italian authorities informed the European early warning system of the other EU Member States caused by the chikungunya virus tropical fever epidemic Emilia-Romagna County . 
the Soviet leaders had the confiscation of termination of forced collectivisation and food stocks have been to save the lives of millions of people , but they have not done so . 
it is important to point out that the opportunity to become a member of the EU countries in the Balkan region was one of the driving force behind development and reforms . 
if the British Government wants to save money in Britain , it can do so in the area of research that will be taken immediately introduce a European patent . 
Vice-President , Joe Biden , only a few months ago , here in the European Parliament , a clear commitment to this strategic partnership . 
it was a &apos; How can we achieve better coordination between people : better cooperation and the division of labour , better support for global development policies between the different partners ; the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund , the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) , the Commission and all the major donors &apos; role ? 
therefore , I am sure that we will see this kind of behaviour in the future . 
Monday : 
instead of billions of euros to invest in new nuclear power plants , we need to make this money as renewable energy . 
in conclusion , I repeat that the EU is in establishing a permanent dialogue with all the emerging countries alone and alone in this regard too , which is similar to each partner , along with the implementation of the human rights clause , which is mandatory in all new agreements we have concluded since 1995 and which requires respect for international law , be it the International Criminal Tribunal for the UN Convention on the Rights of political , social and keskkonnaõiguste or in the form of implementation . 
such as China since our meeting today stressed , I am absolutely certain that the US , the European Union and China play around the negotiating table as I sit down and it is our responsibility to future generations kindlustava safety on the conclusion of a new Treaty in terms of efforts to be an example to others . 
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that it is time to stop the endless debates in this House on the Lisbon Treaty , which we witnessed today we still have . 
I think it is a very important message to convey to the Belarusian authorities that they must comply with the OSCE commitments to respect human rights and to protect minorities . this last is an important part of the respect for human rights . 
you have become fully indifferent to the fate of European workers . 
the Copenhagen Summit will be successful only if we are able to send a message of solidarity and shared responsibility . 
I am pleased to see that they share our concerns . 
or , in this case , as rapporteur for the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , I would like the draftsman of the opinion of the Commission with regard to the use of genetically modified micro-organisms closed environment to emphasise once again that the European Parliament &apos;s role in the surveillance process must be increased . 
finally , my second question concerns the timetable and you spoke about the Commission and arm of the problems . 
thirdly , I hope that we can that plan to show that this offers all European added value . 
we also must not forget that the European Court of Human Rights has rejected Mr Battisti request protection , and that the European Union is based on our actions now respect fundamental human rights , which is a key component of the European Constitution . 
we approve of the EU police and õigusmissiooni sending to support the Kosovo authorities . 
in view of this , the Council asked the Council Presidency and the Commission , in cooperation with the SIS II and the relevant authorities in the context of the consultation , to present to the Council a report which contains a detailed assessment of these two solution and their comparison . 
that is why we should open itself to Belarus citizens and make them a visa application easier . 
recently , the Chief Official Ethics Commission of the Republic of Lithuania , the head of the Polish minority and a Member of the European Parliament , Mr Tomaševskit for having submitted a question Jose Manuel Barroso about respect for the rights of minorities . 
once again , I would like to thank the two rapporteurs , Mr Grosch and Mrs Ţicău , for his constructive exchanges . 
the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia : progress report 2008 ( vote ) 
( SK ) Vähemuste protection is undoubtedly one of the most important principles and in my country , the Slovak Republic , is really guaranteed the protection of minorities in the exceptionally high standard . 
we look forward to the rapid development on this issue , including the issue of minimum income , so that people are able to live a dignified life . 
the new common agricultural policy ( CAP ) must strongly support - and that is what we really doing - farmers &apos; incomes and support measures under the first pillar of rural development , increasing investment in agriculture and food security . 
at the same time , if a number of countries throughout the world has already put in place an immigration policy , which is quite satisfactory results is delaying the greater part of our countries of their choices . 
as you all know , the Member States have the possibility of introducing higher infrastruktuurimaksud during peak hours . 
therefore , we in Europe must not be afraid of the Israelis and the Palestinians . 
it must be recognised that there is a real &apos; à la carte Europe &apos; , but in view of the risk of the reluctance of some Member States , which has its roots in their national identity , we must act . 
so it is a very major dealers , in countries whose productivity allows sell forward several sõidukimarki - for example , in the United Kingdom - and it is also the in sparsely populated regions , where the dealers are economically logical to sell the same place different sõidukimarke . 
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the report by Mr Christensen has made an important contribution to the original text . 
we , the Belgian , were elected Members of the food crisis , which is related to the chickens , PCBs and similar problems . one of the first proposals the Commission was food safety in the White Paper , which I believe is the 83 proposal to ensure food safety in the European Union . 
in writing . - the UK and other European countries still have relations with our greatest strategic priority for decades . 
we cannot rule out human error or technical a failure of both raudteeohutuses and therefore play an important role . 
in every pakis is still one of the EU-funded cigarette . 
this can be achieved , in particular , small and medium-sized enterprises , the economies of the Member States , which is one of the main constructive forces . 
as we everyone we can imagine , means every day that passes in captivity terrible suffering Shalit and his family . 
you are right to do so , because this is , in fact , simply in accordance with the provisions of the Association Agreement and the obligations which Tunisia to the European Union . 
we are talking here about the promotion of entrepreneurship indefinitely ; we are talking about the fact that the operators must be allowed to develop in the European Union . 
I voted in favour of the proposal to broaden Article 186 to include milk , also for the European Commission to be able to respond to the crisis situation quickly , because it establishes a tool , which is important to use . 
the European Union &apos;s energeetikastrateegias role of forests are also an important point , because at the moment is not sufficient advantage of the potential of the forests as a source of renewable energy . 
moreover , it means the lesson from the failure of the previous approach . 
Madam President , the objective of our questions is to highlight the benefits , which our citizens can expect such meetmetepaketist and what we can provide for a package against . 
however , unlike the Member States affected by migratory flows . 
I agree with the report &apos;s general approach and , in particular , the statement that the European Union must staunchly to promote humanitarian principles . 
specifically , natural resources and biodiversity in relation to offer the outermost regions for European research good access to tropical ecosystems , which is a unique biodiversity and agriculture . 
( DE ) Mr President , the issue is that we , the European Union , following a clear strategy and would prevent gold or vääriskivipalavikku . 
I said earlier that we are carefully following the new technologies that allow , hopefully , we simplify procedures . 
the question is why in this . 
we should not allow ourselves to kohtuotsusel kammitseda so that in the future we provide for posted workers only minimum standards . 
now is the time to assess the situation , but it is clear that it is precisely kriisiaegse assessment must help us find instruments that make it possible to move forward . 
improving the quality of the water , transport and tourism functioning and agriculture go hand in hand . 
as this is my last debate Meglena Kuneva , I would like to express my thanks for the fact that our cooperation has been so incredibly pleasant . 
Europe cannot afford the luxury of taking gives up the opportunity to produce an alternative gas , which could be used in the EU , while the North Sea conventional gas reserves are close to being exhausted . 
since the new regulations be introduced gradually and also the group of governors of the central banks and the supervisory authorities on 12 September 2010 announced üleminekuklauslite occur as a result of these advantages , unfortunately , only just over time . 
until we have made progress in these areas , the cost of any kahjuhüvitise innocent taxpayers . 
the creation of the European Research Area , which I fully support , is , in fact , precisely this point - that we all know what we are doing , and that we are linking analysis of the scientific expertise in the whole of Europe , which we already have . 
obese diabeetilisel mothers are obese children and it is spreading passed from one generation to the . 
the future is not built one country ; the partitioning of the future of the economic recovery is built , the different cultures and communities and the mutual recognition of the introduction of legislation . 
it is hard to imagine how the United States can differently to pay these huge debts , which it is only now takes and how he inflation , money at a time of a weakening of the value of the deteriorating meets its ability to pay its debts and to normalise their assets . 
it is interesting that we are discussing this issue in the run-up to the G20 meeting . 
( DE ) Madam President , Commissioner , Mr Radwan , ladies and gentlemen , I warmly welcome the report and the debate , because I believe that we sondeerime some very sensitive topic and this really erakonnaüleselt . 
I would now like to ask us to speak to the President of the European Commission , José Manuel Durão Barroso . 
but you have changed very much open to this debate . 
as they are amended , it becomes difficult to understand which provision is currently in force . 
that is why the report calls for the European Commission to carry out more in-depth supervision and draw up regularly rakendusaruandeid . 
we are pleased that you will support the Commission in relation to these technical issues . 
( NL ) Madam President , first of all I would like to wholeheartedly congratulate Mr Becsey on and also thank him for the excellent kaasatöötamise we have enjoyed with each other on the report . 
of course , the European Parliament cannot võluvitsa admonishingly and an end to the conflict , but I can assure you that Parliament puts human rights during this year under discussion at the heart of the revision of the status of Israel . 
it is therefore very important to call on all the parties in the end of hostilities , so that the people in these regions can return to living in peace . 
I would like to draw attention to the fact that the exchange of PNR data is regulated in the 2007 agreement between the European Union and the United States . 
( PL ) in September 2007 , on the basis of the European Parliament and of the Council decision of 2006 - among other things - and with regard to the issue of the Nabucco gas pipeline , the appointment of a European coordinator of the project , namely Josias Van Aartsen . 
many other perpetrators is still at large and even some are still living in Bosnia and Herzegovina paljaksriisutud among the families of the victims . 
when concluding free trade agreements means that we allow into Europe products that do not meet neither our social and environmental standards , the reform of the common agricultural policy is pointless . 
structure exists and environmental targets in place , but the Member States &apos; actions have weakened the impact of these funds . 
for a long time , been said about improving working conditions for women , but , unfortunately , nothing has changed . 
Greece is one of the Member States , where there are still significant problems in the proper implementation of the directive . 
on behalf of the UEN Group . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , a short while ago , I heard the Maltese colleague very serious and even libellous statements of the Italian Government and specifically Minister Maroni . 
today we must be honest in an extreme on this issue . 
in this connection , would the Commission really should have to act more swiftly . 
pension systems come under the competence of the Member States . 
we are of course aware of the service , which reflects the sui generis nature of the High Representative / Vice-President of the Commission role to play , as we know , too , that the service must not to combine all the services provided by the Commission in its external action in various areas - and which are not just limited to the common foreign and security policy - uses , starting with the development cooperation . 
the position of the EU and of responsibilities in the case of non-transmissible diseases on the prevention and control of the UN high-level meeting ( 
I believe that his report shows that , in any case , the European Parliament wants to see much more effort in this area . 
I think that we should also acknowledge the Commissioner Barrot , in particular , the Directorate-General and the German Presidency adopted approach . 
namely English notariaalselt document recognises the continent , but to the same degree , if that is recognised English law . 
every proposal is excellent . 
Turkey is our most precious , obvious and persuasive example of the functioning of democracy in the Arab world and , of course , an example of prosperous economy . 
ECVET provides a further means transposition of interpreting and , using common metodoloogilist framework , in order to encourage õppimistulemuste transfer from one system to another . 
are these binding targets , it is indeed an excellent solution millena they always praises ? 
the Green Paper , the Commission will propose the law of modernising , simplifying and improving legal certainty for the purposes of achieving . 
children &apos;s mediation seksuaaleesmärkidel should be treated as a crime . 
in addition , we must continue to support the implementation of policies for the individual common organisation of the market , if necessary . 
this should be to introduce a financial transaction tax and to launch eurobonds . 
words alone will not help us to make progress . 
( FI ) Mr President , please excuse me before the vote , following an incident . 
we have independent that 330 million kaaskodanikule to deliver price stability . 
the &apos; brain drain &apos; problem , it would also have been better handled and that is why I am I going to abstain , in spite of the positive aspects of the report . 
you do not hear any arguments incessantly : it is totally incomprehensible . 
must also be to raise public awareness of the risks associated with the use of pesticides . 
they cannot understand these things . 
for this reason , we believe that the creation of the Media Council is not a sensible thing to do . 
the common agricultural policy needs to change if it wishes to find answers to the new challenges , such as climate change , increasing energy demand , the increase in the world population growth and openness in world markets . 
the main donor commitments are the following : the recipient countries abilootuste better planning three to five years ; public administrations and organisations in the partner countries of the use of the transition from third countries ; the political tingimustelt sihtmärkidel based on the conditions set by the developing countries themselves . 
we know that it will be followed by a foreign policy complications , because it is an international law tallamisega underfoot in a completely grey area without any . 
