in my view , was entirely inappropriate that the European Investment Bank has not shown as an EU institution to respect Parliament against the procedures laid down in , but instead tried decision through the linking of political influence . 
the new protocol , which the Commission will present us now , contains , both in relation to the very harsh restrictions . 
finally , I call on the Commissioner to increase the amount of de minimis aid in all sectors of production , despite the currently in force the national ceilings , as was applied for the European Parliament resolution of 17 September . 
in this context , the European Earth observation programme may be a new opportunity for the European Union , in order to encourage the development of industrial strategy ( in particular in the space industry ) , to bring to the benefit of the people , creating jobs and developing innovation , to improve the special environmental studies and to increase the security of the people , and , finally , to create synergies with other sectors , which can provide valuable opportunities for small and medium-sized enterprises . 
we all know the rise in the cost of living , which has ruined medium and low income elanikegrupid . 
I also think that they should be continued until there is clear evidence of improvement in the situation in Zimbabwe . 
Mr Monnet and Mr Schuman were very far-sighted people . 
this package is the future prosperity of key importance . 
we also want to start a dialogue with Russia on the quality of democracy in this country and , in particular , to address the problems that arose recently with regard to observing the elections and to discuss our and Russia over the positions on this issue . 
but thanks to the good cooperation with Parliament , between the Commission and the Member States have finally reached an agreement . 
Mr President , Miguel Portas need not really continue . 
this is the only way to take preventive measures and to help at the same time , the European Union to seize the opportunities , which fall within the scope of raising the birth rate policy . 
the sports federations scope for action is in turn legally limited . 
Mr Schulz should not try to persuade us that , but he is the guardian of the social Europe . 
the fishing sector is strategic for these regions , so that the people of the supply of fish to the public , providing employment and the fishing communities in terms of economic sustainability . 
I believe that each country &apos;s overall emissions reduction effort by 2020 should be determined according to the emission lähtekoguse per person , of course , without prejudice to the transnational solidarity mechanisms . 
macro-financial assistance to Armenia ( 
leaders of the Commission is tabled 201 request , in order to obtain an authorisation for the adoption of a job after their term of office of the Commission . 
of course , it is necessary , precisely for finding a solution to the Cyprus people themselves . 
the Congolese army is still not to carry out its tasks sufficient human , technical and financial resources . 
here there is four questions : first , which has been raised in the course of this debate , concerns , of course , the management company passport ; I have heard the Commissioner expressed her fear in connection with the authorisation of the preparation of the poor . 
also Cyprus was quite in many of the speeches . 
I supported , however , point 32 of the tabled amendment , which adopted the concept of European transpordifondi . 
that concludes Question Time . 
firstly , taxation : currently , each Member State has a veto right maksuküsimuses , whether it be a common tax base , tax harmonisation or any other maksuküsimus , and it also remains so after the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon . 
I think that the procedure for your good reputation for annulment , in the event of a serious infringement of the rules of play a major deny the strength , which is , however , appropriate . 
I am also pleased with the compromise on free legal assistance , over . 
first of all , should the area of freedom , security and justice in the completion of the third pillar of the first of the integration of both be rapid and extensive as possible . 
in addition to these very relevant observations I would like to stress two points . 
donors and recipients of origin traceability and protection also deserve special attention . 
the answers can , of course , be only one : stop immediately of any negotiations with Turkey . 
therefore , I call on the G20 labour and sotsiaalministreid to regular meetings . 
the proportion of intelligent transport systems in the field of road safety will also be discussed at the informal meeting of Transport Ministers at the end of April in my country Litoměřice in the city . 
we need independent institutions who work at the European level and are able to monitor and ensure that Member States do not comply with the principle of equal treatment not only in theory , but also take concrete steps for the effective implementation of this Directive . 
mid-term review of the European Environment and Health Action Plan 2004-2010 ( 
it plays a vital role in the field , providing for the sector to public and private bodies with detailed information . 
however , if we refuse to accept illegal , secret immigrants , then this is due to the related human trafficking and organised crime . 
I welcome the determination of the French Presidency , the Presidency has made every effort to reach an agreement . 
thirdly , may I make one very specific point . 
certain political nature of this Treaty keerukuste was not enforced , but it represents a decisive text , because it contains - I , personally , I see that the voters volitusena - the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union . 
the Nigerian central problem lies not only in this that killed are Christians , because in January this year were killed versus the instead . 
this is all , what can I tell you now , but perhaps later , if the beginning of the debate on the Eastern Partnership , I can also to go into detail . 
in this case , the carriers of passengers would be responsible for damage to and loss of baggage on analogous terms , which are currently regulated by other modes of transport teenusepakkumist . 
on Wednesday , and now is flying Guineasse Presidency of the Commission &apos;s common delegation . 
I do not believe that this is not only the role of the Commission , it is also the Members &apos; work to ensure that the relevant associations , trade unions , workers and small and medium-sized enterprises in the inclusion of this debate as early as possible . 
the European Parliament supports him in this difficult task . 
for these reasons , I would see to that we adopt a resolution which Parliament clearly against the missile defence system is . 
such information is given , although belatedly , but I do not think that still , it is sufficient . 
the problem , which was discussed in the Committee , was mainly the following : both of the 1976 valimisakt if the Treaty of Lisbon also require that the members of the European Parliament shall choose the different peoples citizens directly . 
these are supported the functioning of the financial market , contributed to the improvement of the finantseerimistingimuste and enabled krediidil better flow to the real economy than it would have been possible to achieve only through the interest rate cuts . 
Mr Barroso mentioned by the signing of the Nabucco agreement was also the result of the work of the Czech Presidency . 
therefore , what we can actually do ? 
we are appointed a terrorism in coordinating the activities of the human and then , without a clear explanation , found that we can do without this person funktsioonideta . 
nevertheless , I will pass on your colleague responsible for social policy concern that this issue could be thoroughly investigated . 
however , we have already said that the next step will be set strict criteria . 
as regards the external dimension of culture , the culture of our external relations - , then I think that we have a duty to give this dimension . 
however , let us call a spade a spade ! today used violence on the streets of Egypt Mubarak troops , not the protesters ! 
Lithuania ehitustööstusel is currently difficult times , since the financial and economic crisis has been a huge drop in demand and , in a recession is the Lithuanian citizens very difficult to obtain a loan for the construction or purchase of homes . 
as I have already said , we must in particular waste or hazardous waste in relation to ensure that the implementation of the Convention on the shipments of waste would be fully in line with Regulation ( EC ) No 1013 / 2006 , which was adopted a relatively recently . 
this call for some parts are reflected in now also in this joint motion for a resolution . 
also , the humanitarian side - and here is the answer to your question , Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou - , many consignments will now finally also in Gaza . 
we can prove it ! 
therefore , we need to go further in the negotiations , to ensure that the accession of Turkey , since the country plays an important role as a mediator between Israel and the Palestinian conflict and Iraq and Iran as a platform for the creation of a consensus . 
it not only has not yet one haridusvõimalus many young people , but allows them to become acquainted with the other personally in the EU , so they feel European as fully-fledged citizens who are in any of its identity , but who are united in diversity . 
at the same time , it is good to see that it is exposed to the European Parliament they äärmusparempoolsed members , who is the Treaty of Lisbon kirunud . 
SMEs must be able to act quickly and unhindered . 
the maximum value is that is being addressed the question from the point of view of the farmers . 
Mr President , if I may , I will take the floor on istungikorra . 
for example , obliges the directive on airport charges airports before making decisions to consult with the airlines . 
we live in a common Union , however , and we have a common monetary policy and the single currency . 
as the events of the last few weeks have shown , Pakistan has continued to be a breeding ground for terrorism and extremism . 
whether the communication policy is a separate or cofinanced policy ? 
finally , whether the limit value must apply to genetically designed to the factories that produce raviaineid ? 
legal and illegal immigration , following the ways of the analysis of the Civil Liberties Committee drew attention to the fact that the ageing society and the requirements of the labour market require a coherent and integrated immigration policy . 
the second issue that I would like to mention concerns us , the European Union . 
this budget gives Member States an excellent opportunity to find markets , both within and outside Europe . 
it is an excellent idea and I have the only happy . 
we are pleased that we can today in this house response from the European Commission . 
by means of rescue packages were able to stop the downward spiral for a short period only . 
my third and final point is that now is the fiscal policy played a much more central , more leading role if monetary policy . 
the report aims to respond to the recent Commission Green Paper on European contract law and describe the Parliament &apos;s priorities in the field . 
to conclude , I should like to emphasise that we need a new form of fisheries agreements and it will include the human rights clause . 
( RO ) It is the EU and the US data protection agreement over a very pleased . we must certainly support , to combat crime and terrorism , on behalf of the cooperation with make more efficient . 
the Principality of Western civilisation defended values in the northeast periphery . 
the European Union should work towards this goal . 
as many of you know , John Bowis was recently in Brussels sick and he was taken to hospital . 
economic governance should be strengthened , along with the strengthening of the democratic legitimacy of the decisions taken . 
in my view , Germany should now take charge , and move towards a common European treasury . 
the Hungarian Presidency , the Council held a very narrow majority ably negotiations . 
on behalf of the PPE Group . - ( HU ) In addition international and national anti-discrimination laws more effective implementation , just as Commissioner Reding , must have heard in Córdoba put particular emphasis on the inclusion of the Roma , because of their integration into the labour market and in education is the Member States &apos; economic key interest . 
the negative effects of economic growth and employment is sufficiently serious and affect the Member States today the achievement of the Lisbon objectives . 
however , in order for the European Union strategy on the rights of the child is more effective and workable jointly in all 27 Member States , it should , in particular , provide for implementing measures , which were supported the launch of the Member States , but also the European Union funds . 
I , personally , am here until midnight . 
for example , Article 43 ( 1 ) of the Treaty of Lisbon is set out in the European Union tasks of the armed forces . 
these instruments , which is not over the previous three years the programme to exploited , fall away . 
we must therefore help them to create the conditions for development , which would lead to new tootmisvõimalused and create new opportunities for improving the living standards . 
the EU must make a firm and effective impact on the UN extended in the system , and to stick to the finding of the common position . the EU must also increase flexibility with regard to non-essential issues that allow for quicker and more effective response to the problems of the most important debates . 
- Ladies and gentlemen , because we have remained slightly over time , can I give the word yet some on my list sõnasoovijale . 
appointment of a Member of the Court of Auditors ( Gijs de Vries , Netherlands ) ( 
among these is the European Youth Guarantee initiative and the Fifty-plus employment pack initiative . 
this is all the result of the Italian Government late and ebaveenvast activities , who unfortunately only after the citizens of the EU committed by the terrible cases is understood that Italy is in crisis . 
therefore , I do not plan to do this and I am simply saying that this is an example of how , once again , we are trying to citizens in the rest of the countries to make it easier for the employment and residence . 
we must listen to their concerns and respond to . 
I also insist that at least part of these appropriations will be used in the technical measures , which help to shorten taotlemismenetlust , because it has many of the aid , in the cases of application for too long . 
this is not the direction in which we should move , and should therefore be at national level to reflect on these issues and give priority to establish a system that allows farmers and food producers to survive and people to buy high-quality and wholesome food at a reasonable price . 
the resolution &apos;s condolences to the suffering of the Palestinian population is feigned , because the EU and the United States of America is part of the problem . 
of these , I am pleased to mention of organ donation and transplantation scheme and related to cross-border health care of sick rights work done . 
as far as I know , is one of the main tasks of the Members of the European Parliament control over the executive power . 
whereas young people are fighting against military and police body and soul , limit ourselves to our diplomatic notes in writing . 
whether you are able to support the nurseries ? 
several of you , especially the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , have asked me in this context , concerning the methodology applied , as has just also Corien Wortmann-Kool . 
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , I would like to thank everyone for their remarks and make two brief statement . 
finally , I believe that we must ensure that this aid would be more effective . 
we represent billion people , and if we reach an agreement , we can have a positive impact on the development of the world . 
it is a general debate , where we are all in agreement , and it is the current immediate solution to the problem . 
RFMO to ensure compliance with the effects of the measures may illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing vessels engaged in the exchange of fisheries . 
lastly , I am very pleased that one of the most important role was elected to comply with a woman and not only after the gender equality , but also thanks to his excellent eluloole . 
the new agreement should confirm that there is a balance between these fundamental rights , but there must also be a reciprocal equal treatment , proportionality and a minimum level of data security . 
here we prefer a military solution clearly instead of a diplomatic solution negotiated solution . 
at the level of development aid , the EU has already off the main donor of aid , pointing to the medium and long-term aid peaceful and self-sufficiency jaluleseadmisel society . 
last but not least : since the 20 % of the gases is due to transport , then we need to move towards a short distribution channels , in particular in the agriculture , which leads to the both of our own countries and the developing countries in the creation of jobs and our reduced emissions . 
after all , there is funding . 
I hope that this experience will also make you and a number of other in the Czech Republic . 
first of all , I would like to ask the administrative burden for small and medium-sized businesses . 
with regard to what my colleague , Mrs De Vits spoke , this means General Motorsiga , I would like to ask the Commission whether it will take the necessary precautions in case of the possible collapse of the parent company . 
unusual in order to resolve the situation was necessary emergency measures . 
the unanimity is a system that allows the few of its opinion for all to impose . 
the Community method is the message . 
therefore , I am of the opinion that we need tehnoloogiarevolutsiooni , and the forthcoming summit should guide us on the right track . 
if you are able to rely on their criminal proceedings against the increased information of the last years , I really would like to examine the specific details that your claim to be rejected . 
the debate is closed . 
ladies in White imprisoned opposition activists mothers and women . 
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( PL ) Mr President , I , too , would like to extend a warm welcome to the Commissioner , and I believe that we cooperate and work together well . 
we are not so well prepared disaster in Japan , and we have no practically even kodanikukaitsepoliitika cross-border problems , such as , in the event of a nuclear accident . 
their turnover could increase if we create , in the end , the Community patent , thereby denying the Small Business created by the violation of intellectual property by cheap counterfeit goods . 
the amended proposal on the basis of the available amount of EUR 146 million must be allocated to projects , which is the economic recovery rapid , measurable and the real impact . 
these reports are therefore very appropriate , because through them can create a policy in this area in this extremely important matter . 
so let us management . 
therefore , farmers should not be afraid of these restrictions , because it obliges the manufacturing industry located closer to the places where the animals are reared up . 
I consider that the Commission should take the necessary steps to adapt the rail infrastructure in such a way that it would offer pan-European services and , at the same time , create the missing links at points of entry into , replacing the old rail infrastructure or renewing this and helping the Member States to alleviate various rööpavahedest problems arising from and providing the necessary financial assistance . 
( applause ) 
the war workers , self-employed persons and small farmers is against the bourgeois governments and the EU &apos;s strategic decision , to support the profitability of capital . 
it provides a basis for a new environmentally friendly agreement , which enhances the competitiveness of the European Union at the international level . 
also of green products and services market should to double by 2020 . it creates a huge opportunities for the kind of &apos; green jobs . 
since the European Council of March was expressed support for this approach , the European Commission has actively participated in the work of the International Monetary Fund and the OECD in defining good practice . 
I would ask you to explain in greater detail , how will be given to the Commission in the future the opportunity to comment on the appropriateness of the Member States of the budget projects , before their national parliaments are able to do so . 
this Regulation establishes a Community legal framework for informing the Commission of oil , gas , electricity and biofuels energy infrastructure investment projects and the geological storage of carbon dioxide of the projects in the energy sector . 
the next item is the Commission statement on the mudakatastroofi in Hungary . 
they said that the enhanced cooperation , which currently covers 25 out of 27 Member States , may be used to the single market killustamiseks . 
( PL ) Excuse me ! 
currently there is already a number of good examples in , and they should be made more visible . 
the Arab world changes provoked sotsiopoliitiline base is no different from that of these countries , who is now in a transitional phase , of which our hope väljakasvavat democratic environment . 
in wartime lack of proportionality . every war , and each of the dead is too much , and it is not possible to balance of one of the parties invoice with another . 
it is therefore certain matters relating to the Treaty of Lisbon led to the obligation to cooperate with the parliaments of the Member States . 
it is certainly not , however , this information come to the ordinary Europeans , who have the impression that the Greek dominated throughout the spring meeting . 
we had today in the village of the Hungarian Prime Minister , who has taken over the Presidency of the Council position , and I now ask the Hungarian Presidency to continue the good work , which started at the time when the Presidency was Belgium . 
let me give just one example for data collection , which apparently affects my colleagues at the most . 
moreover , the question arises as to the effectiveness of the funds . 
in addition , the EU must pay more attention to the situation of its trading partners in the area of human rights . 
I have visited Romania and other eastern European countries , and many of the phenomenon was familiar to me . 
in writing . - I believe that , despite the precarious situation in Egypt is the European Parliament the right to continue the approval of this Agreement , which should make life easier for companies , without political observations on the Egyptian government . 
it is already the maximum power and he may minilepingu approved . 
the far-reaching consequences of ratings is inevitable that , in the field of activity must be intensively to intervene . 
for these reasons , deserve our approval all approaches , concerning this economic and strategic , as a matter of urgency . 
it deals with student mobility , but its added value is that it provides for education , which meets the needs of the labour market , and shall ensure that the necessary skills and knowledge . 
the number of job vacancies is the largest economic indicators of the European Union , and it is used in the labour market and the prevailing in the euro area for the assessment of the conditions of economic and monetary union within the framework of the action plan 
if the International Monetary Fund intervention in relation to the different views and if the debates over the should continue , then the rising interest rates automatically . 
Prime Minister , as you said , we are going even after the Spanish Presidency to maintain the same very strong position on the Community method . 
as a result , died in one country hunger more people than now throughout the world . 
I would like to express my firm belief that here started the debate must be brought to the regions , as usual . 
what we in Europe is reprehensible - or the intervention of the devaluation of the currency markets - forces globalisation now on us . 
the Ombudsman has done its work on complaints in the investigation and prosecution in an active and balanced way . 
I would like the Commission to consider that the sine IRA studio and thinking , is it really reasonable . 
it is also clear that working in hospitals , doctors and nurses valvekordi must be regarded as different at home the staff valvekordadest , which actually mean just the preparedness of the obligation . 
we have to promote the farmer profession and at the European level of standards which farmers have to respect . 
the proportion of youth unemployment is 24 % in France , Italy 25 % and 39 % in Spain . 
in my view , this is the result of some countries küünilisest behaviour , who wish to pursue on the poor in Africa often dirty business , while we welcome and agree on the books of the Olympic Games in China . 
I think that vaccination programmes co-financing should continue in the coming years , given their efficiency and new much simpler legislative framework , which we are debating today . 
the truth , which makes us the country once again to the construction of the best people , is that , in particular in the framework of the fight against I learned guided by the first known dissidents , Jesus Christ words : &quot; . love our enemies ! ” 
the report on corporate governance in financial institutions , lays down a number of measures for the implementation of the financial institutions in leading companies . 
Mr Gargani shall submit an oral report on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs on this issue . 
the aim of the strategy for the Baltic Sea region is the creation of the new institutions . 
the manufacturers can all vormistuslikud questions to resolve in one kontaktipunktis , which gives them the considerable savings . 
composition of Parliament : see Minutes 
in writing . - ( LT ) I support the resolution and I wholeheartedly endorsed by all the observations made . 
the interim agreements does not yet cover all the ACP countries in the region . 
1 . 
representatives of civil society can address their societal issues , which is currently represented in the European Parliament groups cannot or do not want to raise . 
in my country , Estonia , is an excellent example of a successful transition to the pension funds . 
it is important that the treatment , which is available in a Member State other than kindlustajaliikmesriik proven , based on an objective and , where necessary , in order to avoid excessive burdens for the national health systems , the costs of that obviously reduces their effectiveness . 
these are the UNFPA words , not mine . 
I know that it is difficult to keep a part of becoming the world market , but we will get nowhere . 
you are surely aware that , in the last 20 years has not increased the number of animals used for scientific purposes - that , despite the fact that the number of scientific publications biomedical research area is every two years has doubled . 
( RO ) Mr President , I think it is regrettable that there is no official statistics on of agritourism and rural areas , and that the only available data are based on estimates . 
I was pleased to hear it and to welcome . 
you said clearly that you are prepared to change it , and I hope that you are going in this direction . 
EU financial contributions to the International Fund for Ireland ( 2007-2010 ) ( 
( PL ) Mr President , milk and milk products CMO is an important issue for both Member States and the whole of the European Union . 
this having been rejected by the majority , we voted against the final draft regulation . 
the Green Paper on consumer protection not raised right all these issues , but they are covered in this report . 
it is unacceptable that countries such as China use raw materials as a political weapon . 
in addition , the project provides a good basis for the establishment of an integrated julgeolekuvõrgustiku , which would ensure the protection against cyber attacks . 
we are not prepared to deal with the question of who suffer the most - the disabled , gay or the elderly . 
relating to Georgia in solving problems , we should not forget that 20 % of the territory of Georgia is still occupied . 
therefore , the question is whether we allow the body scanners or not . 
in the 2007 Green Paper &apos; Towards a new culture for urban mobility &apos; was therefore possible additional measures at Community level broad areas with a view to promoting a safer and more environmentally-friendly cities and a smarter and ligipääsetavamat urban transport . 
the European Union should pursue through the legal framework for the sake of clarity and efficiency side . 
at the same time , we understand the complexity of this huge country and I would like to express my deepest sympathy to the victims of the terrorist attacks of numerous that has struck India . 
over 60 % are under the age of 18 , and it is for this reason that I want that , in addition to the basic survival of the conditions necessary to pay more attention to the education and health care . 
all parties concerned have made enormous efforts to prevent this text sending kokkuleppemenetlusse . 
it no longer has not only the right but also the duty to act and to negotiate , as well as to condemn and sanctions imposed where either of the parties poses a threat to peace . 
by the Member States of the mutual recognition of authentic acts applied solutions to the problem of has meant that now is the mobility of these documents complicated and that the documents transmitted to the number and type is restrictions . 
( applause ) 
that is why I am pleased to present this asylum action plan , which has participated in the preparation of a range of public organisations and which lays down a code of conduct for the coming years with a view to develop a common European asylum system . 
therefore , I think that we must be reasonable and balanced on this issue , and I certainly would like the examination of the proposal for a four-year period , together with the implementation of veondusharu full consultation in the meantime . 
a very large part of your text has been included in the report and I believe that it is a shame that you now that do you ! 
( RO ) Mr President , the rapid increase in the number of natural disasters and their consequences more difficult transformation is currently the challenges facing the European Union one of the greatest . 
today &apos;s decision coincides with the International Convention on climate change in Poznań , Poland . 
author . - ( CS ) Mr President , the macro-regional strategies , in particular , is a political instrument , which represents one of the possible form of regional cooperation . 
protection of women , particularly during pregnancy and then , if they bringing up children , must be a requirement , so that the children can immediately life , from the outset , the use of their fundamental rights . 
not only does not have serious cases of the national economy , the environment and the welfare of the disastrous impact . 
now the Commission is forcing the Orbán government skandaalseid laws to change . 
this Treaty can take even greater market share of the US multinationals , which already control more than 80 % of the world &apos;s banaanikaubandusest - even though the Commission agrees that he tried to this agreement this interest to cool . 
Mr President , we found that it would not be fair to mention only one of the parties involved , so we would like to remove the reference to the Kosovo authorities . 
Russia &apos;s future is linked to the future of Europe and this must be developed with persistence , without without complacency and despite many currently facing difficulties . 
Sudan and the International Criminal Court ( vote ) 
action taken on Parliament &apos;s resolutions : see Minutes 
I would like to repeat the words Valérie Letardi depth and interesting debate on the substance of the . 
it would be necessary for the EU to review its policy and reform of it . 
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the Services Directive debate in the European Parliament sent an unprecedented public political debate . 
the Commission &apos;s proposal , which the big brother way , it states that the seasonal fruit should be shared , giving priority to the diversity of fruit that children can detect a variety of flavours , is completely ridiculous . 
today and tomorrow , the European Parliament expresses its solidarity with the people of Tibet . 
I would like to mention to you that the draft directive contains the essential aspects of the recoveries linked to improvements : the exchange of information between authorities , the requirements of the submission and feedback , which the Commission requires in the number of cases between Member States on the monitoring of the activities of constantly increasing . 
I hope that the Union is able to respond to this important mission effectively . 
excuse me , if it appears at this time of little importance . 
the other very important cases ( and here I would like to thank the Commissioner McCreevy , who is here today ) were Valencia urban development law , which Mr McCreevy and his team operated effectively , in order to protect the Public Procurement Directive . 
the workers are fighting for ühistranspordiettevõtete , who satisfy their needs quality green services . 
the newly adopted the report by Mr Lehtinen . 
Vice-President of the Commission . - Greece , I don &apos;t know about to respond to , because there is no details informed . 
( RO ) the Commission &apos;s initiative to extend the principle of equal treatment in other areas of social life of general through a directive prohibiting discrimination outside the labour market disability , age , religion or belief , and sexual orientation , is , in principle , required to finalise definitively anti-discrimination legislation package . 
increasing public awareness of the importance of prevention and a healthy lifestyle , is ultimately be possible to reduce health spending , because prevention is cheaper than their treatment . 
the package itself is good , no doubt about that . 
I believe that we must react very vigorously any aggression against Taiwan . 
thank you first of all , the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs for the report , which includes a number of areas such as climate change , poverty alleviation and the overall development . 
we are therefore of the Europe 2020 strategy for the future financial perspective . 
I agree with many of the speakers who referred to the need to stress the important role of local actors and the involvement of civil society . 
it must be very clear . 
the Ombudsman &apos;s disposal was not until October 2010 information . 
however , here in Parliament is represented in relatively few countries , who remained totalitarianism of one or other of the form of the last century untouched . 
second place came from Ireland and the third Bulgaria project . 
therefore , the Commission will continue its assistance in important areas , such as rural development , the development of agriculture , the basic services , education and health care . 
also , the proposal foresees that fathers can take two weeks paid leave . so they can directly in the birth of the time to be with my wife . 
I have in mind the human rights issue here in Europe and , in particular , the role of the European Council . 
I could go on , but then we would be a long time here . 
this is not a good translation , because people think that this means &apos; single &apos; . 
Europe must also continue to do all that is able to respond to the current challenges , and I believe that we have every reason to be confident . 
in this regard , the Commission &apos;s proposal does not define clearly the situations which require the reduction or suspension of agricultural subsidies . 
the European Asylum Support Office is intended to provide the Member States with expert assistance and contribute to a consistent and high-quality common European asylum application . 
the vote will take place shortly . 
this is not a heavy burden , but a huge opportunity , which we must , on the basis of its vision , further develop . 
this is a human being the reduction of its existence , the lowest point on the roof . 
we have established practices . 
I would like to say to all those who constantly claim that the European budget is under serious threat : the European spending should be checked certainly more consistently than the Member States &apos; spending . 
so we give producers the opportunity to become more specifically understand what they are buying . 
the real question is that does Airbus will continue in the euro area of its aircraft development and production or not . 
this is the first on the question of all . 
must be applied to a flexible working hours , to develop the services that support of women and give them freedom of choice and enesearendamise opportunity . 
I would ask the Commission to take the necessary measures to ensure that Community law would always take precedence over . 
so Parliament &apos;s Legal Service and the European Data Protection Supervisor is referred to the outsourcing threats , where the external service provider does not lie diplomatic protection area . 
five years ago fell through two candidates , this year one . 
I myself live in the country where the lives of 500 000 people . 
however , the Commission must also organise a clear study of the impact of the liberalisation of the postal services , which are likely to employment provides . 
and , if you will allow me to give one example of fisheries , then the fact that we have the outermost regions of the Indian Ocean , such as La Réunion , is an example of how we can directly to have their say already existing regional fisheries organisations and those in which we are trying to develop this for the marine region . 
but we have no intention of letting them leave without us from this excellent tradition . 
the ordinary EU citizen , who do not use directly air services , is not to do with any of this activity . 
Vice-President Almunia shall present to you in June 2010 report on competition policy . 
but the thing we want to do is to increase awareness . to this end must be to give people the information on their pensions , therefore , we also need monitoring system . 
the Presidency was satisfied with the solution found for this question , and I would like to read out an appropriate statement of the Hungarian Presidency , which is also supported by the following presidencies Poland , Denmark and Cyprus . 
since the tax policy issues do not apply common rules , creates a tax competition tenders and its low rates offers problems . 
in my view , is this very comprehensive proposal , which involves a number of aspects , so as to ensure that account is taken of the safety of road infrastructure in all stages of life : planning for the design and deployment . 
all EU Member States have signed the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child , but in a number of aspects of the rights of the child in Europe we have barely scratched the surface . 
I fully support the trend veetõhusa and -säästliku towards the economy and , of course , the full implementation of the Water Framework Directive , in which a few years ago I was involved , as the rapporteur was my former colleague Marilies Flemming from Austria . 
all this is true of the 2009 budget , on which the amount of commitment appropriations is 133,8 billion and the payment appropriations volume is 116,1 billion . the budget is not so , although a large . 
it should be noted that , of course , is klanne and tribes , which it will continue the practice in the country , and it is a sensitive issue , but she really wanted development and I believe that it is important . 
so is the validity of the mandates of the approved . 
we have the most to take steps to limit the appalling such activities . 
the European Parliament also at that time was very active and alert . 
for us , this is also for the next five years of the start of the monitoring process , which maintain political interest and to put pressure on the Member States to implement the directive . 
I request that the Commission did not conclude - if it is his intention - a similar to that of the Italian ELi-Liibüa Treaty , as we have seen , what are the consequences of such an abominable agreement . 
we must be careful , because if we start circulating information for the purpose of each other &apos;s after the checks and analyses carried out , we will lose speed . in healthcare matters , where is at stake between life and death , is the speed , however , the most important . 
could the Commission to state its position in relation to the above and similar projects of this aspect throughout the EU ? 
I wish to share the sentiments of my fellow Members who had the opportunity today to congratulate the Irish people in this case , so that they gave a clear signal of its decision , choosing at the political level of the continuation of the European integration process . 
there is currently no EU external actions , coherent and coordinated EU strategy on culture , and it must be developed . 
the European Commission says often the Member States that they must public finances quickly under control . 
the vote will take place on Tuesday , 24 March 2009 . 
the Commission wants to tomorrow to get ready for the draft directive on cross-border healthcare . 
· Investments in new technologies - industry creates problems , however , with the help of new technologies will be to overcome them . 
the Congress of Estonia - Estonia temporary , democratic parliament - on 11 March 1990 adopted a declaration on the recovery of statehood after 50 years of Soviet occupation . 
in the Dutch press reports published on body scanners have caused great indignation . 
it is far too premature to draw any conclusions on the necessary changes . 
if , at the moment , for every person over 65 four people of working age , then by 2050 this figure is reduced by half . 
stronger to face global challenges . 
we do not agree with that analysis of the report , as well as a range of other issues , such as , for example , a European coastguard , which follows the desire of the federalist approach : ignores the sovereignty of Member States and their territorial waters and exclusive economic zones related to the management of rights . 
the indication of growth , which remains firmly below the rate of inflation , serves to Parliament the necessary legitimacy in the eyes of European citizens . 
I am also in favour of the idea that supervision should be made for quarterly reports . 
however , we must also make sure that we act in accordance with the results of the stress tests . 
this issue is dealing with Commissioner Barnier . 
for the fishing communities is currently in a difficult period , which is characterised by the decline in fish stocks . 
it also calls on the Lithuanian Government not to do more on legislative changes and to include sexual orientation protected among the reasons . 
I support this report , which proposes to implement a new global political approach against gender-based violence , which includes the following : the creation of a judicial instrument of gender violence against a directive ; the training of their officials , who are likely to encounter cases of violence against women ; requirements for the Member States to show due diligence and to register and examine all forms of gender violence related crimes ; requirements to ensure financial support to non-governmental organisations , which support the victims of gender violence . 
- ( CS ) I shall speak as someone who supports Turkey to become a full member of the European Union , not a substitute or some kind of preferred partner , and I want to criticise some of us themselves . 
- After the vote : 
the EU also applies to democracy , and we are taking place democratic debates . 
but we should not , however , to make mistakes . 
there are two important points , which the European Parliament must the principal and which all groups support . 
and , of course , Sri Lanka in order to obtain preferential arrangements must submit a statement . 
I welcome the work done by Mr Simpson and , as he said , he has the support of a unanimous committee and several of its Members are here now . 
at this time , the increased protectionism and , instead of a reduction in the increasing poverty , it is particularly important that we maintain an open trade European and some of the world &apos;s poorest between countries . 
( EL ) Mr President , in Poznań and Copenhagen negotiations , which year after the place , must be successful . 
such a taxation five currently affects approximately 18 000 farmers who lose their 5,3 % of its sales revenue . 
I hope that you will be able to give me a straight answer to that question . 
in addition , I would like to stress the close link socio-economically disadvantaged situation and children from early childhood education of the opportunities , because between low-income families use early childhood education and care services is likely to be much less . 
I am particularly pleased that after that , three years ago , during the previous parliamentary term , I presented here in the Chamber of a new report on the strategy on animal health , which was based on the principle that prevention is better than cure . 
what action it intends to take in response to the Council , and how did such a situation arise at all ? 
I stress this because it must be clear that our entire preparatory work for the strategic framework , which just described , is not worth nothing if we do not offer real eye visible results in this area , which will become an important strategy action plan , which was also established during the preparatory work . 
thank the President and the Members of Parliament who questions submitted to the Commission . 
( FI ) Mr President , eight years after the introduction of the objective we can safely say that the EU will not achieve this aim . 
I voted in favour of the resolution of the European Union and I would like to use occurred and to reaffirm the need for the adoption of a directive of freedom of information . 
however , we are of the opinion that our capacity to act of the armed forces and security must not in any way to harm . 
in order to help with reintegration into the labour market , will be allocated to Denmark from the fund of EUR 7 521 359 . 
we do all agree on the objective , but we must have the opportunity to achieve the objective of the methods , and if anyone raises about the methods and wants to familiarise themselves with them in detail , this does not necessarily mean that this person wants that everything should be done behind closed doors . 
however , we must have the courage to recognise that the political Islam , totalitarian Islam - not only the Islamic countries or some of those countries , but also the terrorist organisations such as Al Qaeda and related movements - requires continue to many victims throughout the world . 
the development of e-commerce is an essential precondition for rapid broadband Internet access . 
in writing . - ( LT ) I am very pleased that the European Parliament initiated a debate to alleviate the situation of women in precarious employment . 
I regret that the debate is to some extent keelekonflikti stuck and I hope - and the same is also expressed in the European Parliament - that the Member States who , at this stage , still do not wish to participate in , will be able to join at any time . 
Europe has provided an important financial support to the Ottawa Convention in recent years . 
but the Justice and Home Affairs Ministers of the presence of the Jewish graves in the cemetery tseremoniaalsel cleaning and its solidarity demonstration of the Portuguese advertising in the media is the lessons from other cases in Portugal and elsewhere . 
the Netherlands gives its to rail 15 euro cents and the United Kingdom 4 euro cents . 
therefore , I would invite Members to adopt the compromise proposal No 11 , which is the Commissioner Michel , a moment ago , mentioned in the trialogue result , take it adopted in full and not give in to temptation to make changes which violate the balance achieved . 
I can only agree with it and to emphasise that this reform should start things ümbermõtlemisega root zone , perhaps development policy , upwards . 
the role of NATO is mentioned in several speeches . 
therefore , this Regulation positive signal a genuine European transport and infrastructure policy . 
particularly awful is a way of execution of the death penalty . 
it is in the coming weeks , our task . 
however , not communicated to the authorities of the quantities of them , and also do not manage them largely undoubtedly properly : only 33 % of the WEEE will take place in this reporting , collection and treatment in accordance with the requirements of the Directive . 
finally , I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs , with whom we had excellent cooperation , and my colleagues in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , who this report was adopted by a large majority . 
several people have mentioned Poland and England and their exceptions . 
but we need a simpler , preparation and transparent structures and better control over the Cohesion Fund , in order to ensure sustainable and efficient use of money . 
each other fishing in the world can these problems to the management of the European Union the opportunity to play a leading role , in order to bring clarity to the global financial architecture and social responsibility and predictability aspect . 
the need for the European Union to have effective reageerimissuutlikkus with which to get to the world ever more frequent major disasters , was it , which led me to vote for this report . 
one example of this is the greater flexibility , which is laid down in Article 7 of the eligibility criteria . 
these were the European public much more attention than the meeting itself . 
we need to show that we are all these crises learned something and step in a new direction . 
in this area is the need for a comprehensive protection . 
clearly , the European Union could not escape access to the business plan , although - as all of the press know - requires Opel as State aid of EUR 2.7 billion . 
therefore , the right of the citizens &apos; initiative lisatigi in the Treaty and now enables the citizens to go directly to the European Commission , and to call on the Commission to present a legislative proposal of the European Union . 
I particularly welcome , Mr Barroso , the second principle : justice and of the Member States of the different points of departure and the recognition of investment opportunities . 
we are also in cooperation with all its partners of the Interim Haiti Recovery Commission good experience , and this will certainly help speed up the process . 
at the same time , also recorded in the European Union more and more new infections and unregistered number of infections could be much higher . 
the majority of these companies would not be higher costs sustainable . 
therefore , we need to help teadusringkondadel to speed up its work and to propose a credible political forecasts as quickly as possible . 
ideally should be any of our limitations of rights to offset the sellevõrra better protection for the terrorist attacks . 
I am pleased that today &apos;s motion on the table , which includes a proposal for a resolution . 
it will not succeed if unity is not your own country . 
the European Union in the area of the law should not be room for this type of positions - these are against our tradition , which is the Christian European tradition , and they are , by the way , the principle of the separation of women &apos;s rights . 
there are significant differences between the compared to what happened in Libya , where the dialogue was replaced by the military aggression , which has made the peaceful resolution of the conflict completely impossible . 
the Germans have identified the problem , they told us about it and take the necessary measures . 
the second problem is the design torso assessment , which does not include certain issues , including environmental impact analysis , and some of the side effects occur later . 
things will plunge at intervals of 12 countries , which include the United Kingdom . 
none of Lampedusa or Malta come people are not organised in the boat itself . 
visa-free travel is very inimsõbralik . 
in the case of both countries will be subject to a special cooperation mechanism , which should not be too difficult . 
we need to support them and help . 
and we will continue to these negotiations and the fight against , so that he can rely on us . 
- ( CS ) - Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the dairy sector crisis shows that the whole of the European quotas based on the regulatory system is flawed and inefficient . 
it paves the way for further action on the international and global level . 
no matter how many barriers are building or what measures we take , between European countries need an overall strategy and solidarity . 
2 . 
the first proposal is a good starting point . 
developments in the region of Central Asia , with the exception of the Kyrgyz Republic , is cause concern more than one of the grounds . 
in the future , the European Social Fund should play an important part of the whole of the European Union and should not only focus on specific regions . 
I welcome on behalf of Parliament , the representative of the United Nations . 
however , I would like to highlight the social aspect of this legislation , which relates to the disabled , particularly blind or partially sighted people &apos;s rights and their right to benefit from free postiteenustest . 
China is one of the few Burma dictators allies . 
a short time ago spoke at length about the events in Brussels . 
Mr President , concerning the conflict of interests , could you explain to me , either of the following three piimaalase the vote on the report should present among our dairy farmers to declare to the conflict of interests and vote stand aside ? 
I believe that we need to investigate further whether , in fact , it is , because what we need is greater transparency . 
however , these requirements should not be excessive , because they may have a negative impact on the situation of persons who have come to the European Union legally and in possession of a valid work permit . 
we are now taking the lead role in the supply of energy and the transition to a new economic area on its own . 
all of the proposed by the Commission and the measures taken by the objective has always been the termination of the isolation of the Turkish Cypriot community , in order to facilitate the reunification of Cyprus in accordance with the Council conclusions of April 2004 . 
these relationships can be a real help to us , but they also have easy to harm . 
the time has shown that the European institutions are acting , especially may have to see it in the case of the ECOFIN meeting yesterday , also with regard to the reduction of the coordinated interest rates today . 
now begun negotiations must reach the end of the current parliamentary term of office . 
in writing . - ( IT ) I would like to congratulate Mr Cancian on his excellent work , thanks to which we were able to achieve a satisfactory and well balanced compromise . 
we discussed this , and the coordinators of the political groups , and they supported this amendment , which is in accordance with the general content of the proposal . 
the negotiation was much more balanced outcome , which meant that , in the end , I supported the resolution . 
the vote will soon . 
I would like to see an open , vabakaubanduslikku and flexible globalisation , which would also be reforming , comprehensive and sustainable . 
people expect that the Commission is the EU Treaties entrusted with the task of the European Union : be juhtimapanev forces , the generator of ideas . 
as I said , having agreed on a joint strategy , a specific action plan , and the specific jätkumehhanismides discussed , such important and topical issues such as climate change , energy and immigration , integration , clearly the Summit represents a step forward in our relationship with Africa maturation . 
however , there is still two questions , which me great concern . 
Käsitöösektor offers opportunities to create jobs and a unique of knowledge can help to maintain the competitiveness of the European system . 
the European agricultural potential thus worsening . 
Seitsmeteistkümne per cent of accidents is the reason for non-use of a seat-belt and around four percentage is in a red light irregularity . 
this is a problem on which we could here and discuss further today . 
ladies and gentlemen , I would like to join those who have thanked Mrs Paliadeli on her excellent work . 
we should not be a reason false hopes or väärarusaamadele . 
however , the report gives Member States the opportunity to take the directive over them at the appropriate time , in order to prevent any problems that may bring to the simplification of rules . 
in fact , it is going out of our sight , out of nowhere floating aimlessly . 
all this , not to mention the fact that the scope of the concerns of the major sectors of our lives in the case of very important areas . 
this is completely contrary to the main objective of this proposal . 
the following year was a number of undocumented operations , from which we only indirectly , we were aware of , and then , in 1997 , imposed tervishoiuasjade liiduminister suddenly and without consulting the manufacturer on the device müügikeelu . 
corrigendum ( Rule 204a ) : see Minutes 
we did it first , therefore , that you use it politically away to further increase the Brussels European , its institutions and numerous agencies powers , which nevertheless continue to show their ineffectiveness . 
the PPE Group does not agree to allow Parliament to become a place where only the national political scores , we &apos;ll settle with which the witness we can also be tomorrow , if this debate will take place . 
this issue also submit a written statement . 
Regulation ( EC ) No 1592 / 2002 on common rules in the field of civil aviation and establishing a European Aviation Safety Agency , adopted , it was agreed that the best and the achievement of a single ohutustasandi can be ensured only through the scope of application of this text avardamise and thus expanding the competence of the European Aviation Safety Agency lennundustegevusele of third countries , the pilots &apos; licences and air safety : it is Regulation ( EC ) No 1592 / 2002 amending the objective . 
here there are clear advantages , particularly in patients suffering from rare or complex diseases for patients , since they have access to my disease specialised raviasutustesse . 
it took part in the programme in the east and west . 
we change the priority areas that concern young people , education , mobility , training , research , competitiveness and innovation . 
in writing . - We agree with the proposal that the existing rules with regard to live animals , meat and meat products into the should remain in force until they are replaced by measures , which is the introduction of the new regulatory framework . 
this year was not on 1 May , the international workers , on the day of celebration reason , because the European Union has 23 million unemployed . 
nevertheless , it is 10 of the Member State where the product design along the lines are not protected today , spare parts cost 7 % higher than the rest of the 17 . 
6 . 
I heard today , how people spoke of the capitalist barbarity . 
Parliament &apos;s delegations trips in different countries , different parts of the world must be linked to the technical committees of Parliament . 
conclusion must be such that the quota system has not been able to ensure the stability of the market . 
of course , this is the case . 
( EL ) Mr President , the next Council meeting will be faced with the important question - the question of enlargement . 
Member of the Commission . - ( CS ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission is concerned about the high level of youth töötusemäära after the Member States , which was at the end of 2007 , 12.7 % or about twice the overall unemployment rate . 
in writing . - ( PT ) I voted for the report on the new 2011 Draft Budget , because there will be enhanced by the European Parliament as priorities assigned to the financing of areas . these areas are education , innovation , competitiveness and cohesion for growth and employment , and the preservation and management of natural resources . 
Mr Goerens , on behalf of the Committee on Development , on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1905 / 2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation - C7-0079 / 2010 - . 
too little attention is paid to the stability at the level of production and to maintaining adequate margins , in order to reduce the impact of the production in the level of climate change or other factors as a result . 
in writing . - I would like to compliment and congratulate the Greek green belonging to the colleague Michail Tremopoulost it , that today was adopted its report on transparency in regional policy and its funding . 
the initiative is successful only if it is easy to implement and if it is accessible to all . 
however , some issues remained unresolved and the European airspace long-term following closure of these must be addressed in the new context . 
so far pabervahendid is replaced in all kalandusahela lülides ( i.e. the fishing logbook , lossimisdeklaratsioonid and sales notes , except in the case of ships , with a length of less than 10 metres . 
the report calls on Member States to review the measures designed to ensure an adequate income , because the fight against poverty must be to create decent , sustainable jobs . 
( PL ) Madam President , in Russia applicable standards are completely different from those used in the European Union . 
the dispute is not yet over , as we all know . 
I do not think that the Black Sea , sent to warships was an appropriate response , because some of them were equipped with rockets . 
the tone of the report is obviously dikteeriv and koostööettepanekud is almost entirely under the conditions set out in the EU , giving the EU &apos;s interests to the fore . 
to this end , it is necessary to just a little political courage . for this , we have the opportunity and the means . 
if this amendment is rejected , it should be the original text of this Annex . 
it would be much better to send it back to committee , and that the new mandate would be full and well thought-out report . 
I would say as well as Mr Wurtzile : the employment and growth , which have a direct impact on the real economy , is at risk of this crisis . 
account must be taken , that this cooperation facing serious challenges in the global sustainability in areas such as poverty , climate change , biodiversity , HIV / AIDS , infectious diseases , energy , clean water - this list seems endless . 
we wish that the factory to undertake real far-reaching reforms , in order to become successful companies , which would be able to compete on its own merits of the EU and the world laevaehitusturgudel . 
I am very pleased with your support on the European koolipiimaprogrammi financing and extending the financing of the other products as well . 
the countries mentioned in Part I am pleased with the inclusion of the eelsätete , although I have to say that they may not be sufficient and in this case , it is necessary to take additional measures . 
in me , it does not create any confidence , although I am convinced , on the one hand , like you , Mr President , that we must continue to involve Russia , but I do not think that we should do face , as if nothing had happened - I am sure that you do not do it also - and to continue their normal manner . 
in my view , preventive measures are of key importance , particularly in terms of climate change , and I hope that we can all convince myself that this is a reality , not only with the slogan . 
with regard to Amendments 81 and 12 : 
at the same time , the EU should not deal with foreign policy , and we therefore voted against the resolution . 
so far , however , is earmarked for this sector only 1 % of the EU budget , but it is not enough to cope with the challenges facing Europe . 
the European Union needs a new Solidarity Fund now more than ever . 
in the case of the Philippines is humanitaarmõõde , but it also has a clear political dimension , and both of these are the main , if we want to make progress in the peace negotiations failed . 
why not Hezbollah still included in the EU list of terrorist organisations ? 
it is true that this process initiated at the European Council meeting in Nice Mr Chirac , for the first time by agreeing to tie France Germany , getting rid of conflict with the nature of the agreements . 
the main is , of course , that we should be able to export their products to those countries . 
having been themselves throughout the approval of Directive rapporteur , I know how much work it requires . 
I also agree with the need to make a number of improvements to the auditing of the accounts and budget management area , in order to reduce the level of carry-overs and the cancellation of the , which is still high . 
these parties must be to ensure a fair and public trial in accordance with international standards . 
an own-initiative report is aimed at the work of 15 million made available by 2015 , and a website is made available to everyone and in all the languages of the European Union . 
I wish you much success in your work . 
I sincerely hope that this agreement will help to strengthen the relations between the EU and Moldova , which aim of the agreement was , and , in particular , to strengthen the European Neighbourhood Policy &apos; human dimension &apos; , in other words , to bring the people that we all learn from each other more and better , because this is undoubtedly it , which strengthens the European spirit and understanding . 
as you have just said , you &apos;re going in Sweden and Europe around a lot . 
if we seriously consider a thorough reform of the CAP , it must be at the forefront of any reform agenda set-aside payment termination . 
he was arrested at the anti-fur rally for participation in , he was forbidden to teach , he was sent to a collective farm for the purposes of re-education , and now he is in prison for the use of their freedom of expression . the Chinese authorities call Liu Xiaobo ; criminalisation , at the same time as the rest of the world recognizes him in his statement of peace for the action . 
the Commission is ready to support the implementation process , including rahastamisküsimustes . 
this is not the first time in history , if the law has to cope with the difficult task . 
it is therefore necessary to adapt the Maastricht criteria to the current climate and the economic situation , which is characterised by larger cyclical movements . 
the 2012 EU budget should , in particular , to promote economic growth and high-quality employment , and to contribute to the implementation of the Europe 2020 Strategy . 
areas will be implemented more than a third of the EU &apos;s of public investment and the use of the Structural Funds will focus on the more and more growth and employment objectives . 
1. the extra costs incurred for extra rights of extra costs in order to ensure due to rising steadily ticket prices for all passengers ; 
Russia all the issues relating to go about what kind of relationship we want to its neighbour , what type of naaberlust we want to build up , which type of dialogue we considered as we want , how we can to encourage Russia to honour its commitments and to assume its responsibility and how we can him directed towards the attitudes , which would be more in accordance with international law . 
realistically , it has not been possible before the start of the 2009 / 2010 school year to adopt . 
in addition , the ECB is feasible active and flexible monetary policy , the liquidity injections increase of credit institutions , played an important role in the European banks on the surface . 
we are sure that the Commission will be able to implement its new powers , which the Council and Parliament gave him . 
much remains to be done , and our problems have very many different reasons . 
we explained , together with Commissioner Špidla , who is responsible for employment and social that these judgments do not call into question the fundamental rights such as the right to strike , the right to belong to a trade union , and some of the differences between our countries the mechanisms of labour relations . 
it was also agreed to give the developing countries in the next three years from the EUR 7.2 billion . 
the compromise package has been removed many of these risks and hopefully this leads to a better consumer environment throughout the European Union . 
a further threat to Wales can be a proposal on the renationalisation of funds deriving from the Structural Funds , which means that the United Kingdom of Great Britain right to benefits may be underestimated . 
today , Europe is one of the dream , or rather the vision : to develop tulevikuenergiaid , both in Europe and outside the borders of Europe ; a vision from renewable energy plays a key role in the middle of this century , helping to avoid conflicts of existing oil and gas reserves , to mitigate climate change and to ensure access to energy of billions of people who have been left out of it . 
in view of the rise in oil prices and the environment of injury to increase , we know that the EU must now strive towards more sustainable society , becoming more energy efficient , using more renewable energies , investing in public transport and ensuring that our children would live in a clean and in the environment . 
it is unacceptable that the invasion of Hungary , Romania military occupation and the plundering of the country in November 1918 being interpreted the stabilisation of the region as a factor in the event , which is organised here in Brussels , at the heart of Europe , under the auspices of the Members of the European Parliament . 
subject : Commission action in the formation of the environment , which encourages companies to invest in research , and encourages banks to finance investment in them 
although the regulation is necessary in some sectors , personally , I prefer the transparency and information obligations . 
we can now leave the institutional issues to a certain extent behind and to concentrate on major policy issues , after which the European citizens - because they are , of course , European citizens , for whom we all fight - is concerned . 
in writing . - in the EU is a lot of funds , which have been made available to both citizens and other entities . 
when can we expect the introduction of standard , which lays down the maximum permitted for toys müratasemed ? 
first of all , the report recognises the importance of the water framework directive . 
in recent days we have begun to better understand it , which means the PPE-DE . 
it is clear that our influence outside the European Union and its Member States of the stress test over a lot depends on whether we can jointly to organise this in Europe . 
one example is the third countries women , where divorce is not recognised , but who live in the EU and seek divorce or legal separation . 
it is clear that , particularly closer to the few years , we cannot rely on the same efforts of those who must reduce its large industrial base , as it is in the Union and in the developing countries . 
passengers are the victims of the current situation , and if they do not offer an alternative solution , then they should not have to bear the financial costs . 
it is certainly meenutamatagi clear that the various groups consisting of migration flows can in the context of the handling of immigration liaison officers seconded to third countries cause from the point of view of the fundamental rights of a number of problems , which are linked in particular to the right of the people of the country , including my country , and the right of asylum seekers to flee from persecution and to find protection . 
I would like to ask all colleagues and upon the members of the Council and Parliament to adopt measures for the provision of immediate assistance for Lebanon . 
as you know , is the Lisbon Treaty referendum campaign in Ireland in full swing and we hope that , on 2 October will achieve a positive result . 
for example , how can we be satisfied with the position , according to which legal immigration mainly the encouragement of the European Blue Card , perhaps , in essence , European immigrants in this work permit through the use of the decreasing the level of illegal immigration ? 
development aid budget does not provide for such cooperation , but some Members wish to use the legal basis , which would put us these activities is the development aid budget to finance , even though it is exactly what we are trying to avoid this report . 
I understand that Europe must take a critical look at their current economic and financial stability programmes , in order to move forward together on a stronger , more closely intertwined towards the economy , which will make use of their potential suurvõimuna of the world economy . 
in recent years , the deregulation of the result is often at work such that compulsory social security is replaced by working conditions , which is atypical and precarious . 
I am afraid that the result is not conforming to the requirements . 
this should significantly accelerate especially vesinikuelementide practical , but the introduction of hydrogen should not be widely used to &apos; traditional systems &apos; , in other words sisepõlemismootorites because , in my opinion , this is not meaningful . 
now is the time to take a closer look at the national governments of their eelarvevõimalusi that such a change to adopt and approved . 
this is not the Commissioner to do , but they must be treated equally their customers . 
nevertheless , I am afraid that the radical transformation , which some of its examination in the context of the permit , will end just another missed opportunity for our fisheries sector and fish stocks . 
the European Parliament adopted on 19 January against EU legislation on patients &apos; rights in cross-border healthcare . 
perhaps it is right to consider steps , as a result of which the muututi outside Europe businesses retained specific countries dependent . 
settlement finality and financial collateral directives are working well and they have a broad support in the market . 
the development of human and a reasonable immigration policy is of the utmost importance for society in the coming years , but this can only be done at EU level , in order to avoid the impact of the elections and the countries of the sudden knee-jerk reactions . 
the debate is closed . 
in recent times has certainly been greater severity of natural disasters . 
landfills are the source of many toxic substances and biological heitveepuhastusseadmed cannot dating from landfills rubbish cleaned , as the bacteria can also poisoned . 
finally , should also be resolved bilateral and mainly political Nord Stream project problem , taking into account all the legitimate interests of the countries around the Baltic Sea and certainly not before the Russian Government will join the Espoo Convention . 
the European economy to coordinate astutavate steps are emerging consensus and most of these steps are fully in line with our proposals made in the Communication of 12 May . 
I would like to conclude by answering Mr Howitt . 
although progress has been made in the adoption of the whole of the Community acquis and public authorities in providing reliable structures and good practice , but nevertheless , the aim is not yet far from being achieved . 
in Pakistan certainly feel the consequences of this . 
we also call on the Commission to promote the EU damage to get defensive interests and , above all , the EU &apos;s high quality agricultural and food products competitive advantage , and ensure its partners improved by the protection of geographical indications so through bilateral trade agreements and the ACTA and the WHO framework . 
I would also like to thank my colleagues from the Commission , the regional development that they supported the Commission on the basis of the opinion of the proposed amendments , of which I am a member . 
I believe that , thanks to the right to education and continuous training are capable of many of the young people to find a well-paid job that meets their vocational training or retraining . 
whether the Commission is confident that the recent public consultation on &apos; on Reforming the Budget , Changing Europe ’ reflects the opinion of the majority of European citizens ? do &quot; the hundreds of votes &apos; collected &apos; one message ” reflects the fact , the opinion of the whole of the European Union ? 
2 . 
European City Guide is one of the main sources of complaints , which to me is 10 years in this House sent . 
in a globalised world requires the continued success , so that we could all three issue effectively to cope . 
we do not know what happens from now until 2020 , and I therefore support this report . 
on behalf of the Committee on the Environment firstly , I regret that after that , the Swedish Presidency decided to adopt a recommendation without waiting for Parliament &apos;s report . 
I would like to say the following . 
EU policy to punish Belarus and Belarusians their government &apos;s actions will not achieve the intended results . 
if the European Fisheries Fund is not used very much , then it needs a review and reform . 
the Serbian authorities must do everything in order to ensure that the country in compliance with the principles of democracy and the rule of law properly , and to ensure that corruption decrease in Serbia constantly and their posts abuse people to be punished harshly . 
in my view , we should monitor what is happening in Belarus closely , because this matter concerns the whole of Europe . 
however , I am pleased to note that all the parties concerned must it right and necessary to ensure the traceability of medicines and technical solutions are available . 
first of all , I went to Washington and New York , which was the right step towards the creation of our important relations with the United States and the United Nations . 
Commissioner , I believe that we agree on this . 
for this reason , it is green currently problem . 
there was no need for the disciplined us to tell the truth . 
Mr President , we have just learned that Umaru Yar &apos;Adua is dead . 
this has enabled the working people and organisations on the ground to address the problems and issues which communities at the local level are faced with . 
at the same time , the Commission does not share the view presented in the report in the current rules on jurisdiction contained in the Framework Decision , since this would have a restrictive effect , given the new types of offences . 
Europe is our home . 
it has been proven that it is possible , and this has also been made . 
because mobility is subject , which often speaks , it would have been a good idea to convey the message to them much shorter than 250 kilometre journeys of . 
although is given to understand that the proposed legal framework for the aim is to facilitate the establishment of such infrastructures , experience has shown that , in general , will be the greater benefit from the more developed countries . 
the current the Swedish Presidency has begun the considerable work to ensure that the EU maritime policy pillars of solidarity and to ensure the link between the activities of the Community and under the second pillar , in particular , the European Defence Agency between the work done . 
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , has rightly been stated that the purpose of this proposal is to create a Community-wide framework . 
it is important that the democratic impetus to the left , provided by referendum , the results of the negotiations are as transparent as possible , in order to provide a basis both for the further development of a new country , but also for the development of the relations between the two countries and the international community . 
the draft directive , which will be presented to the European Parliament for debate in the short term , must lay down strict punitive measures at European level every against the person who is linked to this kind of trade . 
( DA ) Mr President , violence against women is a problem that exists in the world and , of course , we must take a stand on this issue - both individual and political position . 
these are sufficient to create the preconditions for the region turukomponentide . 
by this I mean errors , what did Germany , who refused to the assistance of the Commission and tried to resolve the crisis alone . 
your , Germans , you pushed back to the minimum wage . 
in this context , the Commission will monitor closely by the Greek authorities to achieve the 2010 budgetary targets on 3 March 2010 and declared in the Greek Parliament on 5 March 2010 adopted additional fiscal implementation . 
one such example is the Romanian Hungarians , whom I represent . 
but I wouldn &apos;t be surprised on something , because you are ready to push for the Constitution without asking anyone , you . 
( PL ) Mr President , if the protection of biodiversity is a priority for the European Commission , should not at all to discuss the issue of cloning . 
this is not simply eetikaküsimuse , only one political strategy . 
I believe that it will be a great success . 
here we have two very good report , which will allow us to deepen the debate at a critical moment for the euro area . 
some of us , for women and men , the quota system is a necessary tool and must therefore be our opinion , to highlight that the European Union should follow the example of the Norwegian , who apply measures to increase the number of women national on company boards of at least 40 % , and uses the rules , to set the quota that women on boards of private companies would be 40 % . 
imagine what it would be possible to spend in relation to the emerging countries hospitals , doctors and teachers . 
now we call on Russia to honour the commitments which it has taken the Council of Europe , the United Nations and the OSCE context with regard to the free and fair elections and to make good cooperation with the ODIHR , in order to ensure appropriate monitoring . 
therefore , I would like to submit to the Commission a challenge : the resources of the Solidarity Fund should be increased and give it more funds , and EU aid must also focus on climate issues . 
the European Parliament has today adopted a resolution on trade relations between the European Union and Japan . 
in Bosnia and Herzegovina 2010 is an election year . 
the CAP in the light of the great importance of the governments of the European Union and for its citizens , I would argue that this should be the implementation and in terms of the existing rules as simple as possible and clear . 
( for the results and other details on the vote : see Minutes ) 
the Commission made more ambitious , but equally realistic proposal to set emission limit 135 g / km . 
however , now , if the Turkish security forces arrested in the occupied part of Cyprus four members of the European Parliament and the European Union õigeusklikke Christians representing the Bishop , do not doubt more likely they , too . 
we do not understand how this question can give rise to doubts and discussions in the Council and the competence of the Union called into question , if the agreement is expressly provided for in that it is an area which are also responsible for the EU . 
in my opinion , it &apos;s not too late to turn the situation , but in order to do this we must - you , Mr President , and a new European Commission - immediately take the bull by the horns . 
( ES ) First of all , I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs on their excellent reports , but I will focus on mainly of the Lefrançois report . 
show me , where it is the citizens &apos; money actually saved , not gone yet them to pay more ! 
this sector must be promoted , since it contributes to the development and productivity . 
it is important to discuss the possibility of the financing of infrastructure projects , for example , with the help of the European bonds , and also the possible solution to a European carbon tax , so that we can go in Europe over sustainable production . 
( applause ) 
thank you for your attention . 
we must insist that populous Member States which produce a very small part of its energy using renewable sources of energy , should remove this difference . 
the vote will take place today at 12 noon . 
key concepts , there is a consensus , which has been developed for years in many of the meetings . 
Member of the Commission . - ( FR ) Madam President , rapporteur , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to welcome the work of the Parliament in relation to the proposal to amend the European Training Foundation asutavat Regulation , in particular , I would like to thank the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , and in particular the rapporteur , Mr Lehideux . 
the Swedish prosecutor published Julian Assange handbill Sweden in the legal system , the Schengen system and with Interpol , and on the basis of the European Arrest Warrant was issued . 
in writing . - ( PL ) Liikmesriikides sweeping the EHEC outbreak in the context of the debate , I would like to draw attention to the fact that the EU and non-EU countries of the decisions made as a result of the borders are closed . its purpose is to protect the market from the influx of vegetables from countries where estimated the source is low . 
since we established the European Union in order to support at last , our shared values - democracy , peace and freedom - , it is our duty to intervene . 
I hope that accession negotiations will begin shortly and that the European Council confirms the March summit , within the framework of that agrees with the recommendation of the Commission to open negotiations . 
on behalf of the ECR Group . - Mr President , may I begin by saying that the Commissioner of what has been said today was not convinced me also fully . 
however , this should be subject to the rules of the functioning of the single market and for cross-border trade , not to issues that concern only the economy of a Member State . 
however , I have the same breath to tell Mr Kallas , that I would be much happier if he would have already taken steps to ensure that the European Commission complies with the rules of the Financial Regulation , which entered into force on 1 January 2007 , in particular , from the various Community funds for the beneficiaries of appointing the . 
consumer organisations do a lot of work Energy Consumers , particularly the most vulnerable in the interests of consumers . 
I conclude now , Mr President , by saying that moderate character and temperament are always round , but the moderation of human rights and fundamental freedoms , especially freedom of expression in the defence is always evil , always weakness and always cowardly . the European Union as representatives of the people , we cannot allow ourselves in this way to behave ! 
although the health and safety of the Community directives in the framework of the gender approach is neutral , it is not sufficient reason to work-related risks to the health and safety of women underestimated and ignored , compared to men threats to health and safety , which prevents and will be examined . 
the European Union policy is characterised by the two key elements : firstly , deeply rooted inequalities , which is a feature of the capitalist arengumeetodi , and , secondly , that that Community financial resources are not distributed grassroots needs , but these are allocated to businesses and infrastructures , in order to increase public and private partnerships of the monopoly groups through the return on the capital investment . 
the above is in the middle of a heated battle . 
we have been able to combine the report very important social-democrat issues . 
we know that we can go to the other you , you , leading to the solidarity and justice and society , which is intended for all our citizens . 
the EU &apos;s response against such a danger should not be limited to the ex post facto intervention programmes but to start much earlier when dealing with such materials , their proper storage , limited access to and control . 
as was mentioned , the Regulation has been implemented over 30 years and it is amended in accordance with the provisions of the Member States seadustikele quite often . 
I think that the horizontal instrument contains much useful references to the Community acquis on the modernisation . 
the EU must reduce its current dependency on the Gulf countries . 
it is the Commission , who is more important than a normal worker protection of the interests of the internal market . 
1 % ! 
the sanctions , which do not affect the country &apos;s citizens , but its leaders . 
I would like to point out that there was a serious risk that this directive , this documentation package goes kokkuleppemenetlusse . 
if the votes shall be cast by show of hands may happen from time to time , and only from time to time that , either because of this that Members not to raise hand , or because there is confusion , it makes the vote of the President of the evaluation of the results of an error . 
not recognised in the Treaty of other ethnic groups . 
I take a position at first reading , taking over the Commission proposal . 
finally , as regards the external policies , we do not agree that shall apply the doctrine naabruspoliitikana countries , where there are no point 2 of the association agreements . 
( NL ) Madam President , telling is the fact that the present is the Commissioner for Enterprise and Industry , but not the Commissioner for Competition . 
the situation seems quite promising , but we certainly cannot win confrontation business or in particular on the issue of technology : it must be avoided , as this can be very dangerous . 
this requires progressive innovative financial instruments of the management and the linking of the economy . 
I heard today it was said that the ageing of the population with climate change is one of the major challenges of the 21st century . 
the approved text calls made in the Goldstone report of compliance and responsibility for violations of international law , including for alleged war crimes . 
we are very concerned , because the state of emergency is seriously threatened the strengthening of democratic institutions and the building of a more comprehensive democratic process . 
the proposed amendment will allow for closer cooperation between Frontex and immigration liaison officers network , which in turn will improve the exchange of information through a secure web-based IT-platvormi , and shall ensure that the Council and Parliament properly informed of their networking activities . 
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of the changes to the new regulation , given that hitherto are third-country nationals long-stay visas freedom of movement restriction of problems have been . 
a specific European response to the crisis for the outermost regions ... 
firstly , I am pleased that the Minister for Foreign Affairs , Carl Bildt , brought out of Gabriele Albertini resolution of the most important message , namely that the EU remains committed to the decision to continue the enlargement policy and considers that it one of the most successful EU poliitikavaldkonnana . 
the EU must examine very carefully . 
our group also supports your efforts to launch a new phase of the Lisbon strategy effectively , and to ensure the success of the Europe , fair and environmentally friendly and the future of our economic competitiveness , in order to take advantage of the opportunities arising from globalisation . 
we cannot assume that the applicants bear the financial burden of the additional requirements introduced . 
Mr President , this , of which Mr Rack has just been out , is an interesting idea . 
if we do not want the public of the European project , we need more dispose of their willingness to listen to and carry it out . 
Burma on the eve of the elections , I believe that we can achieve something only if we coordinate their activities of the larger countries - China , India , the United States and Russia . 
it is very important to combat protectionism ; at the same time , it is important to take care that we support their industries , that they are able to compete and to trade in the future . 
on behalf of the UEN Group . - ( GA ) Mr President , I would like to say that I warmly welcome this report , in my view , the rapporteur has achieved at sea fishing on discards of practical and comprehensive approach . 
the report shall include information and analysis on the effectiveness of cohesion policy . 
we believe that this is one of the more successful aspects of EU policy , provided that it will take place under strict compliance with the criteria and that it is considered to also bear in mind at the latest mergers lessons learned . 
in Libya is often carried out death sentences . 
we must therefore , in practice to implement measures that will help women to enter the labour market or stay in and improve the conditions for family life , especially those which will facilitate the work-life balance was found . 
if the EU wants to be a global leader in force in these areas , it has the necessary resources . 
we are also , as a number of Members mentioned , the club , which does not take their membership but the biggest and most developed countries , but welcomes all who is ready and willing to accept EU rules . 
the European Union patients must know how they can avoid counterfeit medicines . 
what mechanisms must ensure that the statement will be thoroughly , before an asylum seeker is sent back ? 
however , the President , there was at least one way to settle this dispute , and this was the vote . 
the Dublin system is in practice proved to be the mechanism , which promotes the EU overall pagulastevastast policy . 
all those who want to pluralism and political competition , should ensure that will be set out in the European Council valimisnõudeid and the Organisation for Security and Cooperation Organisation ( OSCE ) is watching over a longer period of time , as far as possible at an early stage of the elections . 
by the way , this facility was my predecessor idea . 
I understand - we all understand - that if GNI decreases , also reduced contributions , but it should not be the first to reduce as a percentage of GNI and then another in turn gross national income due to a reduced to lower the contributions . 
the long-term costs are soaring and there is still much to do research . 
did you know ? 
in the case of the calculation of on-call continued working time we took care workers , but also the fire-fighters , other valvekordadega professions and representatives of all the European citizens &apos; health and safety . 
as Members and their assistants must be related to own the reality of the country of origin . 
Japan and Canada his allies were before it spent but that , to negotiate , to win friends and to find the necessary to achieve the desired outcome of votes in some instances of its influence to increase . 
the decision to conclude the Fundamental Rights Agency and the Council of Europe on cooperation between the agreement forms , together with the Agency &apos;s creation and a part of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union &apos;s efforts to secure its activities and the role of human rights promoter , both within and outside the EU . 
specific and practical form of the strategy also affects a huge plan of action , which shall be drawn up for achieving a low carbon economy by 2050 , which is due to publish at the beginning of next year . 
we have refused to grant them the right to say natural , how they should be governed , as far as possible , and we have ignored the fact that they should be able to a referendum . 
I applaud the work done by the rapporteur and he is certainly removed the many concerns , which we could be , but I do wonder why we need to take it at all . 
I consider it necessary to develop a comprehensive package of plans , which would facilitate and encourage young Roma intellectuals return to the community and to work within the framework of the community and for the community . 
do you also have the impression left ? 
my political organisation has always supported the need to set the world kapitalivoole tax , for example , the so-called Tobin tax . 
this Article establishes the Council of Ministers also similar instruments and foundations . 
( HU ) Mr President , Commissioner , the most important point in the 2008 budget is cohesion policy . 
therefore , will not be taken on Wednesday , 16 February after 11 more a further proposals or amendments . 
I share the view of the Spanish Presidency : we are here to examine the strategy , which is contained in the document presented by the Commission Europe 2020 and has received the approval of the Council . it shall be placed on industrial and enterprise policy at the heart of the crisis exit strategy and a over the next few years in our society prosperity and promotes the development . 
it shall ensure the Union &apos;s external representation , with the exception of the common foreign and security policy , and other cases provided for in the Treaties . 
but you have said that the situation in Bosnia has stabilised . 
given that many of the public and private partnerships , in particular , the Joint Technology Initiatives ( JTIs ) , will be at the start of the European Community for research , technological development and demonstration activities ( the Seventh Framework Programme , and they operate independently of a significant part of the EU budget of EUR 470 million ( such as the use of hydrogen above all for research ) , I would like to know the following : 
first of all , they must not cause difficulties for small businesses ebavõrdelisi . 
the Committee on Employment wants to extend these rights so that they cover equal work and rest , explaining at the same time , workers &apos; rights to social security benefits and tax incentives . 
we are totally against the EU &apos;s intention to facilitate the accumulated in the region of prosperity , natural resources and biodiversity acquisition by international groups , which will lead to the exploitation of workers , increase unemployment , destroy millions of small farmers , is destroying the environment , prevents progress and denies the rights of the peoples of Europe and independence . 
the two issues are addressed , now submit the Commissioner Šemetale question , which was actually intended to Commissioner De Gucht . 
hopefully supports these principles also kokkutulev in December the European Council . 
the Council of the draft recommendation ( concerning the conclusion of the Protocol setting out the Fisheries Partnership Agreement with the Union of the Comoros provided for in the fishing quotas and the financial contribution ) the idea is to describe it , what role should be a review procedure of the Treaty of the European Parliament . 
most of these areas is live landscapes , which has developed over many years of inimsekkumise as a result . 
I , too , I consider that the University of Lapland in Rovaniemi , located in the Arctic Information Centre is the best place for . 
the first , which relates to the subject of the competences . 
Czech citizens complain more and more frequently that - as me personally as well as regional and local authorities of the representatives of the German police Czech-German border region - harassing them , if they exceed Czech-German border , whether in the form of clusters or private vehicles . 
we have a lot of viable enterprises , which krediidikriisita teeninuks good profits . 
now , in many of the documents of the language used is very often difficult to understand , and a civilian to find arusaadamatu . 
however , since I will not be able to prevent the citizens of the EU exotic and tropical timber from using , it is important that these agreements will be adopted . 
in writing . - ( PT ) Commissioner Viviane Reding presented the House request in the debate on this issue not to use the European institutions to solve the problems which should be addressed at national level , so as to our is provided for in the treaties . 
it must be so , unfortunately , Afghanistan opportunities as well as other health . 
it would be very useful that the debate would take place now , but we do not want the resolution , because it would be whether hastily put together or published too late . 
by the way , Commissioner , I am sorry to report and I expect that you can hear it for the first time , that the Budapest kaabeltelevisioonipaketid has abandoned the English Euronewsist and offer instead hiinakeelset programme , because , unfortunately , is greater demand for Chinese television if Euronewsi , given that the latter did not demonstrate in Hungarian , with our country currently living a significant number of the Chinese . 
we know today in the European Parliament already that many countries do not reach the relevant legislation in time for adoption . 
the most important aspect with this report is that it highlights and is clearly conviction , according to which it is Brussels , has the right to determine the action plans and to write to the Member States in the priority issues and spending areas , which is and should be clearly within the competence of the Member States , because each region has the right to decide their budget in the framework of its priorities . 
our leaders in Europe is lost : support for immigration is not a method to reduce poverty or its valdavuse or to boost growth . 
we note with satisfaction that Articles 5 and 6 of the offers still powers to the Commission to review the investment agreements , and in the case of such agreements would create major problems , to abandon its authorisation . 
due to the economic and financial crisis is currently the main concern for European citizens fear of losing their jobs . 
like any potential candidate country shall be conditions also to Serbia , to join the community of values , and that is why I would like to thank the rapporteur not only for the report , but also for having these conditions clearly presented in his speech . 
in accordance with the Treaty applies in non-EU waters of the EU fishing fleets subject to the exclusive competence of the Union in the preservation of biological resources . 
in my view , it is important that the Finnish best practice and a long-standing tradition can continue after the adoption of a new directive . 
the key words must be to focus on and flexibility . 
the parents of children of different nationalities to the conflict settlement of the European Parliament as an intermediary , I am convinced that the proposal for a Regulation will help to achieve the peaceful solutions in the interests of children , by defining the responsibilities of the parents of children , and to laying down the conditions under which , in such circumstances , the best protect the welfare of the children . 
in essence , this would result in a change to undo policy of solidarity . 
I do not believe that we are able to formulate a common European defence or security policy . 
thank you . 
Turkey is dictator Ahmadinejad a friend . 
can the Council comment on the progress of the Member States of biodegradable waste landfill in avoiding storage in accordance with prügiladirektiivile ( 1999 / 31 / EC ) ? 
nevertheless , I would like to point out that this Regulation and , in the case of the other , it is vital to have a proper implementation and monitoring . 
it is now proposed targets reasonable . 
the document , which we are debating today is in accordance with the criteria . 
today I would support , despite our respect the Irish voters , against the decision of the ratification process mittepeatamist now and its completion . 
among these is likely to be much majanduspagulasi and we need to allocate they real of refugees . 
Kiindununa ökomärgisesse Blauer Engel , which we in Germany is , or not ultimately be a question of personal eelistuses comes down to one of the consumer , but look what the specific characteristics of the product . 
for this reason , I tabled an amendment on this subject . 
I hope to see you in 2011 , so that the available on the market of dangerous toys final problem solving is treated with greater commitment . 
indeed , Denmark , which was able to speak out of an exemption , but as a sovereign state tried to conclude the agreement with the Community to participate in certain aspects of this cooperation , is now obliged to ask the Commission authorised to conclude with others such new international agreements . 
however , it is not enough simply to close the reactor allocated to the adoption of the EU funds . 
I am pleased that between Parliament and the Council is broad consensus on both sides of the importance and necessity of the objective of the scheme , and on the means to be made available . 
that the European Parliament is now colegislator in this area , he will continue to play a major role in addressing this issue . 
I must housing data collection , which is based on the Laeken European Council conclusions , controversial . 
unfortunately , illegal trade is the reality of today and an increase in all Member States . 
in writing . - ( PL ) I voted against the draft resolution , because it is harmful and is not in line with European standards . 
I will try to win their trust , who by me its vote is not given . 
we hope that the work of its proposal by the summer comes to an end . 
nevertheless , the majority of this Parliament has given to the Commission a blank cheque , determining the only unclear restrictions , such as &apos; proportionality &apos; and &apos; reciprocity &apos; . 
please do not make that mistake again , because of the human health related to the sensitive issues we are united and shall remain so . 
the ITER project should not be granted to any of the euro . 
I welcome a comprehensive programme for the dissemination of European audiovisual works throughout the world , because at European level of the market is fragmented , compared to the United States , for example , the audiovisual industry . 
( FR ) was much resistance fighters . 
these are the most simpler . 
for example , the biggest US Embassy in Africa is located in Kampala , Uganda and Rwanda is not something US approval . 
this brings customs officials a lot of work and have them the perfect gift . 
I spoke about the Commissioner Frattini after the meeting on 14 January , I met him once again two weeks ago , when he said that has given the services in the organisation of the market to send a letter . 
at the same time , they shall processors its high profit margin , which they still have become accustomed , selling price . 
the classic job - full-time , protected under the Agreement work at the workplace - an increase in the number of has been rather slow , while there have been mass part-time work , seasonal work and supply contracts for work on the basis of the increase in the number . 
the third main issue , which should be considered is the internal market . 
therefore , we will continue the preparations for the summit . 
consideration should be given to whether the EU should extend its responsibilities and play a more effective role in the achievement of the joint objectives ( by participating in the dialogue , based on common measures and coordinating them , etc . ) , according to the agreement between the EU and the OSCE . 
does the Commission deals with the Belgian court arguments if juhtmõtet for its forthcoming communication on mobile termination tariffs ? 
I agree with the resolution &apos;s opinion that Kosovo Serbs kõrvaletõrjumise is essential in order to prevent their participation in elections . 
if not , then we hope very much that you raised problem will be addressed and also the solution to achieve a solution acceptable to all of the general in the course of the negotiations . 
at the beginning of the 20th century there fought for European illiteracy ; the second half of the 20th century there were all Europeans to read and write . 
I would like to ask the European Parliament presidentuurilt - not you , but in fact presidentuurilt - whether we have an intermediary , whether the United States is talking about the European Union through after the failure , or whether they speak through a separate cases of certain bilaterally with Member States . 
so far , the measures adopted to promote knowledge of very different areas indicate that more and more is needed for the dissemination of innovation and to move towards the implementation of our everyday life . 
this is a good before a positive to create a climate of the conciliation meeting in November . 
the Greek Government high interest rates are not due to the current monetary policy stance factors , but the large riskipreemiatest , which is linked to the market dominance concerns about the sustainability of loans . 
there is also a need for monitoring and conflict prevention and resolution , and this should also include Belarus and Ukraine . 
I &apos;m not sorry about , and I don &apos;t sorry about this , too , that I presented here to Parliament , which I consider credible , free trade agreement of the 21st century , which the European Union economy will benefit enormously . 
two-faced strategy , which is being pushed through violence behind the opposition demonstrations and , at the same time allows a few small reform , without any real political changes , may lead to - as we know - the deterioration of the situation in all three countries . 
the oral question , therefore , whether a refresh the debate and come up with new solutions , and to implement these laws , which already exist , which should help the Roma communities . 
we should be enthusiastic about what has been achieved in these countries and which goes well , but at the same time , we need to be very clear , which still needs to be done . 
the ECB is one of the leading institutions , who must try to respond to these väljakutstele . 
the aim is actually on 1 January 2010 to visa liberalisation for Macedonia , Serbia and Montenegro citizens . 
they told me that it is not possible to identify the territorial waters of the United Kingdom . 
in this context , I would simply remind you of our objective to ensure the concentration of carbon dioxide 450 ppm , which was set to temperature increase to 2 ° C limit . 
it is contrary to the practices and minorities internationally guaranteed rights . 
sustainable development of European aquaculture and also to support shellfish production in the EU has adopted wide-ranging animal health and food safety legislation . 
to improve and extend it must also support for new teachers ametisseseadmise . 
Member of the Commission . - funded under the Seventh Framework Programme for Research an ethical analysis will ensure the protection of fundamental rights and eetikapõhimõtetele kindlaksjäämise . 
in the debate on the social package talked about the lack of the necessary instruments by which the work of equal value to apply the principle of equal pay for , and to reduce the pay gap between men and women . 
certainly , this means that the quantities and to the size of the discussions on the need to come back , but not to consider the arithmetical reduction . 
honourable Members , Iraq has taken a positive direction . 
indeed , as important sector such as air transport must be guaranteed the public service , which supports the European Union . 
these are the measures proportionate , which always allow the continuation of the right to mobility , law , which never cannot be refused for economic reasons , because poverty cannot be stain on or reason for discrimination of citizens . 
once the eight or nine hours on a flight from India one another country - it was night flight - I noticed a couple of two young children , one of whom was about six or seven years old and the second very small . 
this is a big problem . 
the state should remain its chosen path and to make the European Union especially close partner with , I hope , will be able to ban this barbaric a mode of punishment . 
( NL ) Mr President , it is difficult to break the deadlock in relations between the European Union and Belarus to move forward . 
the European Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , on behalf of the Group I would like to say that , in any case , we will continue to take up a common goal by 2012 , valid throughout the EU asylum system . 
so let us simple , let us keep it simple , but let us not ruin the Solidarity Fund . 
finally , I would like to express my great respect for all the Iranian men and women who risk so much coming onto the streets , participating in a variety of events that require compliance with the rights of the Iranian Constitution , according to which they are entitled . 
the Constitution of the French Republic of Article 26 ( 2 ) of the same . 
in conclusion , I would like to emphasise one thing . do not forget transparency and better communication of all the European institutions ! 
I support the proposal to create a all spatial data , remote sensing and agro-meteorological database of the projects and to mobilise existing spatial data infrastructure and websites . 
the gas market is competitive only if consumers have full access to information on the amount of the natural gas consumed and the possibility of changing supplier . 
that is why we are following this debate in favour of adopting the resolution . 
for the purposes of crisis management should be between banks at EU level also applied to the financial stability measures . 
our decisions , the environment , immigration services and social security and many other issues affect the reality on the lives of our fellow citizens , who are often the least preferred situation . 
at the same time , was the debate to see the readiness to compromise in certain areas . 
there is always a risk of the roles of the sexes to simplify and to address the &apos; in the case of women scientists to rule kalduvaid characteristics ’ or to create absolute standards for measuring the achievements of researchers . 
of course , I would like to invite the Commission to negotiate the Chinese RAPEX system similar in terms of the early warning system also with other countries , such as India , Vietnam , Russia or Turkey that dangerous or võltstooted can before the entry into the confiscation of European countries . 
this has to stop . 
in the medium term , is not enough , as a network of supervisors shall verify the financial markets . 
that is the signs of economic recovery , does not mean that we should take back now also support policies , since it may have a negative impact on the economy in the long term . 
of course , this is erroneous argument . 
the issue of own resources of the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU is dealt with in Article 311 . 
this is a mistaken view . 
therefore , I would like to thank Commissioner Barnier , who has given us on this valuable information . 
we really appreciate it ! 
this means that the financial assistance ceiling of the EU Member States which are not part of the euro area and who have their own balance of payments difficulties , has increased from EUR 12 billion to EUR 25 billion . 
finally , I think that recent events in Bahrain force us build on the Union and Cooperation Council in relations with more respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms . 
that is why I am insisting its commitment to the establishment of the European security and defence policy , which is the real autonomy . 
it can therefore now already say that the &apos; Safer Internet &apos; programme has had a very positive impact . 
Article 53 of the Financial Regulation provides that the Member States should publish the names of beneficiaries later . 
I have been told that if the 1990s was discussed originaaldirektiivi over , expressed very serious concern and discussions became very emotional . 
that is why I voted , together with the Group of the Greens / ALE environmental taxes at the EU level , even though , as usual , I was protecting the independence of the European Central Bank of their repeated attacks . 
it is , therefore , the question of whether to introduce binding European legislation . 
for me , Islamism something other than the 20th century perverse ideology and dictatorship . 
Alexander Lukashenko , the last dictator , laughing at us , and is giving our osavõtmatusest behind the pursuit of their political opponents and makes them in prison . 
we hope that now , where you have been given back the freedom and a new life , you will find peace in the land of their birth in France , which is the European Union Member State and the Presidency in this important semester , and that you will find happiness , which seek . 
the term of office of a Hungarian socialist government of Hungary has set the weak economic situation , since no public investment or public procurement was not free of corruption , whether motorways , bridges repairs , car parks , health , the financing of the national or EU procurement . 
here , I would like to hear from the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy firm and clear words , and I would like to see that we not only does not call for sanctions against Iran , but also such sanctions apply . 
we need to realise that our wish is to improve the system , so that the number of accidents would be reduced year on year , and the consequences of these accidents becoming less and less serious . 
the debate is closed . 
even worse , this agreement , on which I have to give an opinion , does not respect the instructions given by the European Council , the European Union strategy for the Caribbean and the outermost regions of the Union strategy , which in all three is explicitly stated that the outermost regions are needed in the framework of the CARIFORUM regionally integrate and that their between the two parties is necessary to create an interregional market , with a view to achieving the overall development of the region . 
this proves that new entrants is able to not only be allowed , but also to manage . 
environmental inspections is very important . 
therefore , I am opposed to the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development &apos;s proposal that the fruit should only come from the EU . 
the heart , liver or mortality rates among people waiting for a lung transplant usually have 15 to 30 % . 
it is not only a limited resource , but this wood is also the only thing that local sell is . 
developing civil dialogue under the Treaty of Lisbon ( 
strangely , we lack of legislation , the aim of which is to detect and block recruitment in prisons or certain &apos; sensitive &apos; parts of the city . 
the Union now consists of a large number of Member States . 
we give them rights , by providing them with temporary residence permits , until things calm down , and we will translate these authorisations üleeuroopalisteks . 
on behalf of the PPE Group . - ( RO ) Vägivalla enlargement in the Mexican states of the United States adjoining areas , especially in Ciudad Juárez is deeply worrying . 
the European Commission should head in shame make , and its proposal to take back immediately . 
despite the volcanic ash nõustamiskeskustele in London and in Toulouse , which belong to the ICAO created nine of such a centre neighborhoods into an international network and in London to a specific to the Centre , which shall issue a volcanic ash clouds riskikaarte , we have , in addition to the need to improve European infrastructure , with the introduction of the volcanic ash clouds concentration in real time as the system . 
as has already been said , will be given to the following week at the summit in Stockholm most attention to areas in which we have common interests , such as climate change and energy , and the global economic crisis . 
sudden fluctuations in food prices is detrimental to farmers , consumers and even entire national economies . 
reject - as well as the ECR Group did - back this monstrous draft , which would be dreadful violation of personal rights , and I call on President for welcoming and providing for this ban . 
Mr President , I think that , in the current economic climate is highly necessary to do everything in our power to protect those members who want to contribute to our economy . 
I would also like to say that , after the Treaty of Lisbon is the human rights situation changed . 
teenagers death sentences are the Islamic Republic of Iran against international obligations . 
as is well known , the Commission has for several years been thoroughly Greek statistics . 
Decision of the Armenian genocide out of the new resolution is a step back and cannot be supported . 
it is very important creating greater transparency pre-contractual information and leaflets and standardised information that a number of previous speakers have already mentioned . 
- ( DE ) Madam President , June was for foreign fighters of the most bloodiest months since the fall of the Taliban regime in 2001 . 
it is important that Latvia will not be in this situation alone . 
this resolution is , of course , that obligation one väljendusviise . 
fighting activated that night , and subsequently on 9 and 10 August . 
I regret the fact that , on the drafting of the text has been so difficult and complex , despite the fact that we all have a common central objective . 
the Council of Transport Ministers , in turn , yesterday adopted a very clear position , calling on the Member States to do their utmost to make available to the public as much as possible alternative transport , in order to address this extremely serious situation , which affects the citizens of the European Union and also of other citizens &apos; mobility . 
it is now an endless jagelemisest tired President Ouattara Republican forces started in Abidjan attack . 
violence in Guinea became part of the global condemnation . 
I am voting in favour of the proposal , as it proposes to strengthen the role of the EU in the multilateral system . 
therefore , it does not apply only to reform , but also the existing acquis in the run-up to the implementation of any reform . 
because we have small nuclear power , we are used to that of our country &apos;s nuclear power plants will be made more international tests if the larger countries stations . 
now , however , as many of the Member States of the European Union , including the countries of the euro area , in such a situation jätkusuutmatusse are in , we cannot simply situation reversed and this in the shortest possible time to do while ignoring us surrounding the complex economic environment . 
the European Union has the right and the obligation to take preventive measures and to organise vahendusmissioone , since the EU is a peace project , which have been carried out for the last 50 years . 
on the contrary , trade policy and agricultural policy will be able to support each other , and even have to do this . 
what steps do you intend you , Commissioner , to take in the near future , in order to make this information more accessible to people better ? 
and finally , the fact that Turkey are represented in the G20 shows the importance of this country and the geostrategic role that this country could play in the Union countries . 
therefore , having adopted Directive , which does not lead to a reduction in the and carries out only cosmetic corrections , surely it sends out a bad signal in relation to the overall reduction of the administrative burden , we have been talking about . 
the International Fund for Ireland projects already covered by additional EU PEACE programme of what is happening . 
I would ask that you rahuldaksite roll-call vote the request from a technical point of view , because something has gone wrong . 
as the Commission , however , has just pointed out , we do not yet have these new vaccines , because the studies are still in the preclinical stages and we only testing the effectiveness of their people . 
can the objective of full employment , the European social and economic model is a sustainable social market economy , and the Treaty provides for fundamental social rights . 
the main thing is that the Court of Justice of the European enforcement of decisions should eliminate the causes that lead to human rights violations . 
I repeat here on behalf of the European Parliament , its call to respect religious freedom and to stop religiously motivated violence in this part of the world . 
thank you for your attention . 
we need to the European Parliament and the Commission in the shape of this policy jointly and as transparently . 
it is important that Europe takes the objective of 20 % by 2020 emissions reduction in achieving an international agreement , which may be even 30 % in the fall . 
in writing . - ( HU ) When reviewing the last convergence policy three years and to see this good achievements , but also of the mistakes , which must be improved , does not look at the European Parliament not only the past , but also in the future . 
we will examine the Member States immediately how they apply tööajaeeskirju self-employed drivers and how they control their compliance with the rules . 
on the basis of this report is the main objective of the radio spectrum policy programme to ensure by 2013 for all EU citizens and broadband by 2020 high-speed broadband . 
we must stop saying that the social dimension is not part of the European competence . 
therefore , I think that greater coordination may be necessary . 
therefore , you must now your - Commissioner , the Commission service , the Agency - to ensure that the Member States really do what they are added , classification societies , port state control of the SafeSeaNet &apos;s and other issues into the code , which is now about to complete implementation or 5 : 30 we have . 
in parallel , the European Aviation Safety Agency ( EASA ) for the rules concerning lennukõlbulikkuse requirements and risk assessment safe to fly in the airspace contaminated by volcanic substances . 
it also recognises the need for open standards and their substantial contribution to innovation and competition and , in addition , the need for a real choice for the consumer . 
2 . 
attempts to prevent Members of Parliament from expressing their opinions on matters of legitimate public interest and from criticising their political opponents case by initiating is unacceptable in a democratic society and constitute a breach of Article 8 of the Protocol , which is intended to protect Members &apos; freedom of expression in the performance of their tasks in the interests of Parliament as an institution of the European Union . 
the legislative harmonisation across the EU , the companies of the confidence that the rules that apply to their home market , also apply throughout the European Union . 
in writing . - ( PT ) Nobody cannot ignore international post-Kyoto agreement of the utmost importance of achieving a significant reduction in carbon dioxide emissions . 
this gas there are large quantities of France , Poland and Bulgaria . 
I would also require an independent investigation , as called for in the motion for a resolution before us , which we support , in order to find out who these attacks carried out , which they represented and which is the East Timorese security system wrong , so the East Timorese inside and , in particular , internationally . 
I am pleased that the Commission has made a statement of its four some concessions , so now we accept it , which has enabled the 2010 progress , and three years after we meet again that the review of the legislation through again . 
the new regulations on visas for Western Balkan countries ( the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , Montenegro , Serbia ) ( debate ) 
I believe that the European Union can be in the future as if these networks läbipõimitud Kee . 
perhaps should now be considered the NATO activities under the hat or France UN-led mission of the common security and defence policy , to eliminate this global threat , in particular , in Mali , Mauritania and Niger , which is already very poor countries and in need of any assistance which we can give them . 
the European Union should apply for the restoration of both chambers of Parliament &apos;s work , where the new government has suspended . 
thirdly , I see that the resolution does not contain the word &apos; nuclear &apos; . 
subject : energy — World Trade Organisation . 
we are therefore calling for the rejection of the Commission proposal and the implementation of the 2002 directive , which should have been made since 2009 applied to self-employed drivers , in order to fight against social dumping , to protect the transport sector workers the right to health and leave and to improve road safety conditions . 
27 . 
Ireland is not by nature a eurosceptic , far from it . 
Directive of waste oils - as you know , it has now been repealed - provides that waste oils must be processed and regenereerima . 
this would make the normal sustainable agricultural and aiandustootmise impossible . 
let me that , in the end , I quote one of the President , if you will allow me : &quot; my administration is working to change the government at an unprecedented degree of open . 
this is our countries completely new challenge . 
only in this way can Baghdad to win respect , and to increase the confidence , not only internally , but also in its relations with the EU . 
in my view , there is only one good solution . 
public procurement is spent every year , it is estimated that 1 800 000 000 euros . 
we only need to look at the previous policy in the regulation of the financial market , to see - if we are reasonably honest - that we have allowed for months - in fact by year - to regulate these markets , which has gotten out of hand , but so far we have been able to make progress but imeväikseid . 
EMAS is a voluntary scheme , which provides a framework to help businesses and organisations to improve their environmental performance . 
in this company the working man may find itself bound in another undertaking . 
( DE ) Mr President , we are in the thoughts on 31 May we sympathise with the victims and their relatives and friends . 
the downside of the system is the fact that this can entail other pettuseohud , because the tax is collected in the final stage of the supply chain . 
on behalf of the PPE Group . - Earlier this year begun the implementation of the European semester will help to strengthen budgetary discipline , macro-economic stability and growth , and requires the Member States to change their economic and budgetary policies . 
it is unacceptable that the US gives pommirünnakutesse mixed with the Cubans so-called political asylum . 
the people will rise up against dictatorial despots and it is good . 
kivisöetööstus is once again at the forefront of revolution at a time when the rapidly approaching the 25th anniversary of the miners &apos; strike . 
thirdly , we also need something that I would call &apos; road rajavaks spirit ’ , which shows the way forward for Europe . 
we must not create the impression that some of the countries in the creation of a new service is not recognised . 
we want to be at the forefront of change for a change . 
empty promises of global warming will not stop . 
I want to draw attention to the fact that it is completely incomprehensible to achieve maximum sustainable yield for all fish species everywhere at the same time . 
we believe that it is important for us to have a comprehensive legislation . 
first , the urgent need to make the Member States more accountable for the detection of fraud and irregularities and for the information that is needed to combat fraud , waste and the distortions in the case of expenditure and tax collection . 
in my opinion , is the Green Paper the Commission document , which is diagnosed exactly the current challenges facing the EU cohesion policy . 
I voted in favour of the report on early childhood education , because I would argue that the parental child and koolieeliku is an important part of life . 
I would like to remind the Czech Republic if his obligations to the Presidency of the European Union and its citizens . 
let me remaining within two minutes to name a few more detail on these two question . one question concerned the Lukashenko government members . 
Mr President , we can then be transparency register ! 
first of all , we need to support the rapporteur &apos;s proposal to the European Parliament &apos;s estimates for 2010 adopted by the Bureau of the European Parliament in April this year in the form of approved . 
his predecessor has already called for the UN Security Council to investigate crimes against humanity in Burma , as it has done in Rwanda , Bosnia and in Darfur . 
thirdly , the Leonardo Domenici report suggests an EU-level levy on cash movements of certain jurisdictions or out of them . 
in addition , the very committed to work with my colleague Neelie Kroes digital agenda . 
we know that the eurozone were not optimal valuutapiirkond . 
we need to make the active cooperation of the Member States to encourage them to meet the political commitments and to exert pressure from above the development of functional airspace blocks . 
all of them were encouraged to participate in their oppressors collective action aimed at . 
according to the Council of Europe , is between 5 % and 10 % of the transplanted kidneys from illegal elundikaubandusest and this means thousand victims of the year . 
as soon , it is Christmas , I call on the Council to give us the decision on own resources in the coming years . 
it is , of course , democracy and the rule of law in Russia as regards compliance with shortcomings . 
we support the real initiatives , which are all the workers &apos; rights , but if the Treaty of Lisbon and the Charter of Fundamental Rights itself actually institutsionaliseeruvad decisions of the European Court of Justice , which are in favour of foreign labour exploitation of the cross-border doing business in favour of contractors , then how can we support this ? 
the financial economy must be set against the real economy . 
we need to establish a separate rules for local public transport , in order to ensure that there , too , are treated clients of kings and not the servants . 
because of that , I wonder if the Commission has its own , according to the information which it also publishes and is obliged to publish , then why someone eelpoolmainitust , for example , did not know . 
Eelarvekontrollikomitees are able to see all the figures on what has been wrongly paid to get the money back . 
to what has already been said , I would just like to add that over the period 2001-2007 went missing 20 000 children and 500 of them have been found . 
let us be honest - deeper economic integration have no access to and , therefore , it refers to the deepening of the political union ! 
the second the March plenary part-session will be organised in the context of the debate on the adaptation of the cohesion policy priorities . 
is justified concerns about the greater efficiency has been achieved at the expense of the rights of citizens , and it is high time to bridge the gap . 
Spain is grateful to the European Union , in particular given greater and the big countries such as France , Germany , Italy , who have helped to bring our country democracy , is welcomed us in Europe and contributed to the development of our own means . 
Mr President , let us after the Copenhagen Summit of the whole of the global warming subject again . 
could you please specify to which Rule according to the issue was raised and on the ground that the vote was taken off the agenda item which we had to start discussing this afternoon ? 
I would like to address some of the issues already mentioned . 
( NL ) Mr President , I see that I am not fortunately , the only one who has doubts as deeply in this relatively an absurd initiative , which the undeniable objective is to embarrass Italy if the country where freedom of information is to a large extent in danger . 
we also confirms , among others , the President of the Commission that this amendment would only be limited , however , the German Government does not seem to think it . 
we must be in the education and training of better and more to invest . 
it is therefore the European average of 20 and the number of donors in Romania only 0.5 . 
however , I would like to draw attention to the existence of certain weaknesses in the planning of recruitment , in particular , in respect of which can hopefully situation of the forthcoming financial years so far as concerns the process quickly to improve . 
in writing . - ( PT ) Access to prescription-only medicines information guarantees better results relating to the health of the patient , because what better informed patients are , the more they understand the decisions relating to their treatment . 
it is also true that the situation in Europe is both in terms of quantity and quality of fresh water generally good . 
we now need to act , and after deliberation with the Americans think that it puts us in a better position in the negotiations and gives equal basis , which will enable us to strengthen security and the rights of citizens in the European Union and perhaps even in the United States . 
however , this sector is in a number of questions to the clarification . 
each of the speaker has one minute . 
relations between the European Union and Turkey ( vote ) 
advertising is an important tool , which ensures that the free market works in the prescribed manner . 
it shall also ensure uniform conditions for the control and application of the implementing measures and for the costs , which shall be borne by the Member States in relation to the control system of the common fisheries policy and implementation as well as of basic data collection , management and use . 
this is why it is very important to review the coherence , in order to ensure that our other political activity of any development policy does not undermine or undermine . 
this without mentioning the consent of the Commission , of which Elmar Brok spoke and extending further the powers of the European Parliament . 
in addition , the cooperation with Russia in this area must not mean weakening the protection of Central Europe . 
this is linked to coastal fishermen and historic rights . 
we , the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece we have adopted the railways mahamüümisele , particularly in Greece , where the rail transport does not meet the needs of the people and , in many cases , will continue to management of obsolete infrastructure and equipment . 
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( IT ) I request a roll-call vote on the final vote . 
together , they can boost the changes and solutions at global level , for example , in close cooperation with the MDGs to promote and implement in order to tackle poverty and economic and social inequalities at global level , strengthening cooperation in the area of development aid , including triangular cooperation , and , at the same time , jointly by fighting international terrorism , drug trafficking and crime . 
savings must be reasonable in the light of the future . 
it is important to give the right message to the Member States , which receive the medium-term financial assistance from the European funds . 
11 . 
a new framework of OLAF an document was the subject of the consultations with the Council of the European Union , the Court of Auditors and the protection of data with the Ombudsman ; in addition , which is important , with a public debate - in other words were consulted the public opinion . 
does the Commission share the view that such a mechanism would help to create a cohesion policy that is more closely geared towards the achievement of the result ? 
last week of natural disaster in the Far East was shocked by any decent people . 
in order to have the necessary resources , and I would like to thank the Commission and , in particular , Commissioner Figeľ for this , that the Commission is willing to cooperate on this matter . 
my studies , however , took place in a very long time ago , as you can see also in my life story . 
I do not believe that the people of Europe want them of artificial colourings and I think we should pay more attention to what people want to see their food and not to what companies want to contribute to it . 
I am convinced that this debate in the Council would have to be present , and it must be ülestähendatud and over repeated . 
it is vital to support them in terms not only of meat , but also as regards milk - sector in Sardinia , which I know very well . 
my request is that always be acted on in a coordinated throughout the world , that our businesses in Wales , the EU and elsewhere in the future would have access to capital . 
the microfinance facility is interesting tool in times of crisis , to provide financial support for people who are unemployed or who are at risk of being unemployed , but also of the social economy sector businesses . 
it is in this spirit that is what the Commission &apos;s coordination of measures to take place . 
we have heard by the enterprises involved in air travel , Member States julgeolekuteenistusi and the EU counter-terrorism coordinator . 
I can assure you today to officially that , if the European Parliament shall elect my office , I &apos;m going back to his second term to implement these political guidelines , and I am of them together with the new Commissioners in the drawing up of the next Commission legislative and work programme . 
the statement we confirm once again that all euro area members must take the reliable public policies in line with the agreed rules and should be aware of their shared responsibility to ensure the economic and financial stability in the euro area . 
we are now seeing the problems of energy dependence . 
in writing . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen . I voted against Mr Gyürk &apos;s national energy efficiency action plans järelkajastava in favour of the report . 
this is indeed an area where the cooperating with us Members can significantly contribute to . 
the EP has set itself the institutional triangle and the European public life within the organization of responsibility , as co-legislator , but creates the same ever closer links with the national parliaments , many of whom are represented here today . 
he is wrong . 
decisions concerning certain documents ( vtprotokoll ) 
because of the Belarusian economy is largely without reform and unstructured , expect that the negative trend continues , together with the negative social consequences . 
according to the applicants is based on the relevant procedure often läbipaistmatutel criteria . 
I regret that the rest of ten or twelve Members have not been able to take the floor , but given time hilisust and the rules of the Rules of Procedure , it was impossible . 
our main reason was to speed up the regional dialogue and to support regional integration , to strengthen bilateral relations , taking into account the diversity of the region , and to adapt the cooperation programmes , for the sake of their fokuseeritust and results orientation . 
therefore , we do not want to implement such a model in Europe , knowing full well that my country , my region is limited access to the Internet . 
in writing . - ( FR ) I welcome the 1997 the Postal Directive amending the adoption of a common position of the Council at second reading , the aim of which is the completion of the internal market of Community postal services and I thank my excellent German colleague , Markus Ferber , for the huge amount of work on this issue . 
in this recast Regulation deals primarily with the substances that deplete the ozone layer of the production , import , export , placing on the market , use , recovery , recycling , reclamation and destruction of the prohibitions and restrictions . 
the Liberal Group has submitted an application to extend the deadline for tabling amendments and joint motions for resolution of the European Parliament on priorities in relation to the Commission &apos;s legislative and work programme until tomorrow , Tuesday , 23.09 . 2008 at 10 : 00 . 
written statements ( Rule 149 ) 
coordination of social security systems - the coordination of social security systems : Annex XI - of Regulation ( EC ) No 883 / 2004 extending the scope of the nationals of third countries who are not covered by these provisions ( debate ) 
we hope that this potential is being used and it becomes a reality . 
therefore , there will be a great opportunity for us to shape the legislation in these new areas , where it is currently still lacking . 
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution by the various political groups . 
whether the Member States also show our unity here ? 
recently carried out by the University of Southampton study is here in the Chamber caused anxiety in connection with azo dyes possible risks , which is used for certain confectionery and beverages painting . 
people think that mass destruction for purposes of the prevention of the spread of the disease should take place as humanly . 
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it would be really hypocritical , if Parliament , after having supported by a very large majority of Mrs Angelilli oral amendment , which will be published by the European Parliament of sympathy and support for such a our country &apos;s unjustified and serious crime in the family of the victim , could not , then take a firm position in order to avoid these acts , the massacre of honest citizens , which will take place because of the lack of control . 
the fisheries monitoring is now putting the Member States greater commitments and it is common fisheries policy or because of multilateral cooperation , which also shows the transposition of the proposal . 
following the proposal in the analysis , can definitely say that the compromise package , which is supported by the political groups of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , the European Parliament Democrats , and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , the Union fully reflects the directive directly affected by the relevant groups of interests . 
we therefore ask the Commissioner Mandelsonil , who confirmed in its letter , that it did not intend to negotiate the TRIPS + provisions , to eliminate the Caribbean EPA with the countries of the draft agreement with the requirement to accede to the following agreements and to take the responsibilities of the following contracts and provisions : within the framework of the patent Cooperation Treaty , patent Treaty and Directive 2004 / 48 / EC ( on the enforcement of intellectual property rights ) concerning intellectual property provisions , which are similar to those unequivocally TRIPS + provisions . 
thank you and the whole College of Commissioners and staff . 
in this regard , we have to be very careful that we do not impose too many regulations and price themselves out of the market does not time . 
the introduction of the electronic data exchange of the Polish pension is greatly reduced the number of errors in the transmission of kindlustusandmete between the institutions . 
safety must be regarded as a priority in all lennufaasides , as well as the conditions of the airports , and it must not be the subject of pädevusealaste conflicts with the national authorities . 
this is one of the ideological prejudice , of which I would like to get rid of . 
the global economy of the overall situation increases slower productivity growth and the fear of losing their jobs in Europe . 
protecting investors is important , but the Commission is invited to present a clear definition of the investments to be protected . 
but the most unbelievable is that many of the Members of the European Parliament who defend Christians throughout the world , however , support Turkey &apos;s accession to the EU . 
we should be pleased that the principle ne bis in idem is guaranteed by the courts of the Member States . 
( HU ) Mr President , I would like to say that I entirely share the rapporteur and I support him , and also the Commissioner Malmström in the search for a solution to this problem , which would be in line with the principles of the rule of law , respect for human rights , data protection and , of course , also julgeolekukaalutlustega . 
the number of Täisliikmete should not exceed 10 % of posts or a total of 20 . 
but the solution to the problem is certainly not the best way of it , if we introduce the employer for financial incentives for that , if they encourage their female workers to have children . 
I am counting on you , Commissioner . 
moreover , given the energiaproblemaatikat , focuses on the Presidency progress in the area of energy of Chapter 15 , because this is one of the priority issues . 
in this context , the European Union has a duty to monitor closely developments with regard to human rights , and to use all my influence to make such a negative trend . 
the people of reality in relation to climate protection seems to have disappeared . 
thank you . 
the European Parliament is five months hesitated , whether the human rights of women should be a priority or not . 
a lot of questions have been raised , including intellectual property rights and public procurement , and investeerimiskapital has reduced the scope of the political measures on both sides . 
it seems to me that one of the particularly important area is civil society . 
Kaeraportsjon rewards hästitehtud work , but will provide the energy for the future of the entire operation . 
Madam High Representative , I would like to thank Mr Salafranca for his excellent report on the EU strategic relations and partnership with Latin America . 
I support the greatest pleasure to Mrs Doyle kõik-lossida policy , which obliges fishermen throughout the land their catches . 
I am Ana Maria Gomes absolutely agree with what has been said . 
therefore , this initiative provides an important contribution to the achievement of our ambitious targets as part of the partnership for growth and employment . 
( RO ) Last Monday chose Romanians for the first time in its representatives of the European Parliament . 
written statements ( Rule 149 ) 
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on Burma . 
in writing . - ( PL ) I voted in favour of the resolution condemning the violation of human rights , because we must not allow their infringement and did not accept human and citizens . 
therefore , it is important to promote diversity in agricultural production , which extends the large kaubanduskettidest traditional agriculture and väikepõllunduseni ; to ensure that young farmers to access credit ; to encourage the development of food stocks management plans , in order to contribute to the world trade , and to bring down prices on the world market . 
this means that Europe must fight a new vision and complex policies , to maintain its position on the global economic decision-making . 
the Council must be checked as hard as the other European institutions and to discharge must be submitted written documents . 
however , it is important to ensure that the process complies with EU legislation in the field of data protection . 
any financial agencies , whether it be national or a private facility , the regulation should not be circumvented . 
in writing . - If on 19 February 2004 was adopted the amendment of the regulation , which is currently being discussed , Frontex was not yet formally established . 
the President of the Council , there are many topics are blocked , because the problem is that Parliament wants to continue to apply the Community method , but the Council did not want to move in this direction . 
I think that it is necessary to lay the foundations for economic growth for the whole of the budget of the gradual consolidation and the protection of the European social model . 
in particular , this report called for funding to Eurojust and Europol , whose action is not in accordance with the law of the United Kingdom . 
I also note in its report that ... 
the EU must provide a number of short-term objectives that Bosnia is able to meet , so that its citizens be possible to see that progress will be made , and to find the motivation to continue the reform process . 
these organisations can help to bring the issue of consumer protection at the heart of the dialogue on the regulation of the financial markets . 
we have been good initiatives and success stories , such as economic growth and job creation programme or project &apos; think small first &apos; , and has been legislative success - the Services Directive , the supervision of the regulation of the financial markets , climate change policy and the new energy package , as some here to mention . 
I did so because I consider it important to improve the EU &apos;s capacity to respond to disasters and that ennetuskava has become increasingly necessary , as well as the EU &apos;s global , integrated into countermeasures . 
the EU and Syria , between the Euro-Mediterranean association agreement ( vote ) 
Prime Minister Orbán , you korrastate Hungarian economy . 
we have Connie Hedegaard Action Plan laid down that , by 2050 , must be in the energy sector reduce CO2 emissions than 10 % . 
however , we must keep its values : we cannot afford to the structure of the State , when it mixes with nationalist rhetoric or a significant in the past , retroactive effect of the manipulation of history . 
the different courses of action can complement each other , as I describe in the future . 
( applause ) 
in my opinion , it is also a good - and this is also something which , in fact , of the Treaty of Lisbon is mandatory consequence that this House position in relation to international agreements in the field of international negotiations will be improved considerably , and Parliament must be to enable a real access to all the information , and all of the deliberations . 
I think that we have achieved this citizens &apos; initiative , the legislation . 
in the evening goes too early blindness , and , if they come home from work and aims offers sporting or children go outside , is already evening . 
( applause ) 
we in the European Union is clear overcapacity in motor vehicles . 
this will enable Europe to function better and give it the necessary tools so that he can speak louder voice on the world stage . 
it must be based on an integrated approach , which combines the implementation of existing and new standards , and dissemination of good practice . 
Commissioner Füle spoke correctly , that the economic conditions make the political difficulties more acute . 
at the same time it gives the system and , more generally , the Schengen acquis nutikamale criminal wider kandepinna international crime and corruption to deal with . 
author . - Mr President , before we vote resolution , which I of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia submitted on the accession process , I would like to make three technical comments , so that all can decide on the basis of the correct text . 
the unemployment rate among young people has exceeded the 20 % at the beginning of the year as a result of the economic crisis , and at the same time , the early school leavers rate 17 % , with most affected by this young people in rural areas . 
if we support the Uighurs , let us do this friendly call to the Chinese , because the Uighurs threatens cultural etnotsiid ! 
the political the myopia in the Georgian crisis will not only increase European Union siselõhet , but also strongly cause a strain on relations with Russia . 
these deficiencies will damage both the Member States and the victims of persecution . 
if the food safety is one of the key demands and the biggest concerns in the market , which is more than 500 million consumers , then this evaluation and investigation five requires an extremely high level of professionalism , effectiveness and impartiality . 
the Stockholm Programme ( vote ) 
that is why it is extremely important that each Member State to implement structural reforms , which the Commission and the European Central Bank has repeatedly drawn attention in the past . 
( FR ) Mr President , during the economic recession , it is important that the European Union would continue to solidarity with developing countries . 
yes , I believe that we need to review the situation with regard to genetically modified organisms existing standards . 
the next item is the vote . 
this role must comply with the IMF . 
I agree with the Commissioner that the EU representation in the Indian Ocean Tuunikomisjonis ( IOTC ) is good , but my question to the Commission is the following : 
true , we need to educate them , but not declaring that we need a policy at EU level , in order to cope with the challenges of a globalised economy . 
funds for the sharing of the Member States will have to juunikuuni . 
please , for the Commission to carry out studies and draw up projects for the Black Sea region , which has become a strategic area from the point of view of the trans-European network . 
I think that we should be the rule that we should know at least two hours in advance , who spoke during the one-minute speeches . 
in writing . - With reference to the Guillaume report covers important õigusvaldkondi and stresses the need to hold of people seeking asylum , fully respect human rights . 
it is true that we cannot get rid of the problem of undeclared work only by means of a regulation . 
therefore , I support the strengthening of the cooperation of the proposal , even if some Member States do not participate in the cooperation . 
this reason lies in the fact that the members of the European Parliament salary is governed by the Statute for Members of the European Parliament and the Members &apos; salaries amendment or updating is necessary to amend the Statute . it cannot be done in any EU budget on the vote in plenary . 
yes , is - internal cleaning . 
we are already examples of this . 
the Commission will examine the possibility to initiate projects , which would help Pakistan better to combat terrorism . 
the correct response would be to agree on a European strategy of high food and energy prices , together together to combat the poorer households protection . 
the method of compliance with the accession criteria , in particular , Chapter 23 falling law and fundamental rights , is an important milestone for the country towards the aspiration towards European standards . 
good luck . 
the ethical diversity must be protected , so I am pleased that this issue is covered in the report . 
in doing so , I would like to point out that Kosovo is an integral part of Serbia and it is not the subject of a separate under international law . 
on the basis of these considerations I voted in favour of the Portuguese candidate for the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority post , who must , as is stipulated , is subject to strict rules regarding independence . 
for this reason , we abstained . 
further cooperation in this area is intended for the period 2011-2013 . 
secondly , would like to stress that , given that the exchange of organs üle-Euroopaline coordination is absent today , it is very important to strengthen this particular part and , more specifically , to coordinate the existing procedures for the exchange of organs between the Member States , for example through a European donor card and a Europe-wide hotline . 
I firmly believe that every EU Member State Government is of fundamental duty to express their opinion false information and the fake against . 
international organisations statistics are appalling - according to this world are murdered every year approximately 150 000 Christians . 
in these areas is assessed our work and also our policy on the basis of the results achieved . 
the EU is now calling for a reduction in the costs , but that it is realistic to expect that in Greece will be reduced to public sector expenditure , if in one country is 20 % of the working population employed and if 50 % of SMEs is the only country of the client ? 
I think that it would be fair to stress that these months , when we cooperate closely with the Commission and the Council did , we have achieved for the European Union undoubtedly an important objective , aiming primarily technical nature of the issues in the field of priority on the European political agenda . 
the idea of an Internet television programmes of technical teabekanalina is acceptable intention , but it should not be implemented in the way it is now recommended . 
in the September 2008 Communication entitled &apos; Multilingualism : an asset for Europe and a shared commitment &apos; has confirmed the Commission &apos;s support for all the Community kõneldavatele languages , including the languages spoken by minorities . 
Mr Frattini &apos;s proposal , which concerns the legal entry quotas packages introduction , may , in my opinion , to facilitate the reduction of illegal migration within the European Union , but it may also achieve more effective control of illegal migration in third countries . 
in Britain illegal immigration is a huge problem . 
we all want to reach a ripe old age , but not to be lonely and society detached . 
that is why we valmistamegi in a very important access , opportunities and solidarity package , which will be completed before the summer . 
we call on the Commission to adhere to the commitments made before this House , that the EU &apos;s action includes all areas related to discrimination . 
as long as the European Union does not speak its common foreign and security policy with one voice , we are very difficult to impose effective and systematic Community sanctions . 
it is clear that , after the war in Georgia needed the West every small moves , which has to do , in an attempt to balance the growing impact on Moscow postsovetlikul territory . 
the Commission &apos; soft landing &apos; policy proposal and annual 2 % quota increase until 2014 , when the current regulation expires , the quota increases the unequal sharing between the Member States . 
we will not be able to shift the burden on private enterprise . 
therefore , the issue of which is here today and in the future , we need to address two aspects : 
in addition , we need to victims of clarity and sense of responsibility . 
migration , economic uncertainty and political tensions the pressure of the different cultural , ethnic and religious groups relations . 
stay united in this country is in our power . 
it also advocates the creation of a safety net and promotes the association of small farmers associations . 
it is therefore important that the European Union within and between the Member States of harmonised legislation on the disposal of waste and recycling . the most important thing is , however , that , in the end , jäätmeeksport , for which is not taken care of waste certified and for environmentally sound disposal . 
if we are talking about technological evolution , it must be made in all areas . 
as usual , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur for an excellent report , and I fully agree with her that we should be certain that the system would become more consistent and most importantly - productive and more useful . 
it requires on their notification . 
on 4 September the arrested , tortured and now been sentenced to 11 years in prison 47aastase , the case of Nasrin Sotoudeh is a concrete example of that . 
explanations of vote 
there is nothing about the democratic vastukaalust to the ECB , in order to establish the industry and the creation of jobs in favour of monetary policy . 
in writing . - ( BG ) Ladies and gentlemen , the reports submitted to the Commission does not make it clear that the German alkoholimonopoliga would in any way breach of the competition rules of the internal market . 
this means of Parliament - your - a stronger role and tighter democratic supervision . 
we certainly do not want to establish the conditions for the US . 
commodity prices have fallen sharply by now , so that a barrel of oil now costs USD around 43 or 45 , but like a very sharp drop in has undergone many other raw materials prices . 
indeed , I believe that it is a good idea to give the EU border to states reciprocal kaubanduskontsessioonid both economic development as well as for social policy issues . 
as regards the specific issue of Iceland , by the introduction of the euro without any State not party to the EU , then , of course , Iceland can unilaterally taken against such a decision , but it must be clear that the Commission , as well as the European Central Bank firm position is that the unilateral &quot; euroseerimine &apos; is not desirable to Iceland political choice . 
however , if we offer him the foundations of the healthcare system , we have not helped not only him his whole lifetime , but also her children . 
we have seen his activities in Kinshasa and Kigali at meetings , and this resulted in Nairobi . 
this is not an easy subject , but we will continue to address this . 
trafficking in human beings has long been on the agenda of the European Union as a very important point , and , of course , we must continue the implementation of a combination of various measures , in order to combat this terrible violations of fundamental rights . 
the EU &apos;s prosperity related to the achievement of sustainable economic development must be given to the two main elements . 
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I , too , would like to join my colleagues , and to thank Mrs Harkin for drawing up the report , and to congratulate her on this . 
I am thinking of the Western Sahara . 
that is why the Council is not defined its activities in this matter , but entered into the wider , . the debate on the common agricultural policy health check of the overall package . 
instead , we are advocating measures to secure the only truly common policy that exists in the EU . 
I would first like to thank the rapporteurs for their important contributions to the single market on the reports on , and I commend them for results . 
in this context , particular attention was under the development of the system and network operators discrimination vältiva ensuring a compromise . 
you have seen in plenary today much effort . I would like to thank you for coming here , and we both excellent and exhaustive answers you have given ! 
it is , in fact , something to which we received . 
we need to increase the Lisbon strategy for growth and employment and the climate and synergies between the Energy Roadmap . 
it is essential that all communications media supplied information in a way that is accessible and without hindering ( subtitles , together with a clearly visible visual information ) , and help people at the time of natural disasters . in addition , mobile operators should cooperate in order to provide for those who join preferably individual preferences and adapted to the needs of the free of charge and immediate information . 
many of them are also asked me , what are we doing , and what is the European their and their family approved . 
thirdly , the Commission has endeavoured to ensure that the Member States , who is growing refugees and vulnerable due to the flow of illegal immigrants , could obtain in the very short term to such displacement due to the financial consequences . 
thank you ! 
Mr Guardans , Mr Medina and Mr Mavrommatis is it really well highlighted , and I agree with them . 
because the thugs and criminals are not afraid of the law . 
why is this ? 
this issue is both the Commissioner and the Council and is linked to the fact that 80 % of our funding is actually spent on Member States and Parliament has for many years been in favour of national management declarations on . 
in my view , a balance must be struck between the jurisdictions of privacy and the need to enforce their tax laws . 
nevertheless , we support paragraph , which must of occupational accidents and diseases põhifaktoriks excessive working hours and mitteküllaldasi puhkuseperioode and calls for the reconciliation of work and family life , the right balance . 
the strategy , which I followed and what the rapporteur has to follow up this proposal , therefore , covered the consolidation with a view to ensuring that this does not happen damage researchers . 
it is considered that , in the EU PNR system of the creation of a recital of the proposal have left so many legal uncertainties with respect , as regards into line with the European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms ; 
illegal logging is often the first step towards the destruction of natural forests . 
if we are disagreements between any of the objectives , it is difficult to move ; so allow the transatlantic relations with us to achieve together results which we will not be able to achieve alone . 
thirdly , I would like to address the air traffic . 
finally , after all , it is not necessary to märkidagi that security is essential . 
and regionaalkomisjon makes the same its simultaneously published report . 
in this context , I would like to stress that , in addition to the EDF framework is now the financial resources within the framework of the food facility , which is the period 2009-2011 EUR 100 million . 
it is particularly important that the EU institutions and the Member States in a body of staff to prevail in this regard full equality . 
but I would like to clarify that I do not want to take out the general framework , but only to achieve greater flexibility within the existing framework , so that the new needs to respond . 
although the EU has not been confirmed by all the recommendations , made it clear that takes the Goldstone report very seriously . 
I also supported the &apos; Eurovignette &apos; amendment , its review must not detract from the importance of the sustainable transport strategy . 
the next will continue the collection of the data subject . 
perhaps the Parliament &apos;s father or mother would be logical . 
as well as they form part of the commitments that Russia has taken the United Nations , the OSCE and as a member of the European Council . 
if the truck drivers already marginal networks läbilaskevõimeid do not use , they shall be eliminated at all , at the end of which will damage to all users . 
opinion argues that the law is a threat to the free movement of workers , which is one of the greatest achievements of European integration , and is a threat to the European Union &apos;s single the functioning of the internal market . in addition , considers that the Legal Service , as amended by the language law is incompatible with the Audiovisual Media Services Directive and Article 56 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , on the freedom to provide services . 
in writing . - This report , the aim of which is to ensure greater transparency , effectiveness and accountability in the context of European expenditure , it is for the implementation of the EU budget in accordance with the principles of sound financial management more important than ever before . 
it is true that the disparity , to which I referred to in your question , may be partly liquidated ; however , it is the case that the Danish civil aviation authority does not permit SAS on planes take off , before it is solved the technical problems , while the other airlines are using the same technical problems with the aircraft . 
the Commission &apos;s progress report is expected on 7 November , and I think that it is very important that this report would be recognised the current positive developments in Turkey . 
am I right in saying that you are offered for its implementation of a new and subjektiivsema formula ? 
it concerns the necessary studies both the iron and steel industry and the coal mining activities and rationalising this industry as well as the final product , i.e. the coal and steel further improvement in the targeted research . 
after the overthrow of the Nazi from power , she was Poland , to combat the following the totalitarian regime - against the Soviet regime . 
the UNRWA has had to suspend the programme , which is intended to help the poorest inhabitants of Gaza . 
as has already been said , hiding the so-called humanitarian interference demonstrates often real sekkumispõhjusi and humanitaarsekkumist is used and it &apos;s powers are being manipulated and in the interests of the large multinational companies and their cold considerations , which calls into question the basic principles of international law . 
this is one reason why the PPE Group calls for the application of the Treaty as soon as possible . 
consequently , should be to increase the resources allocated for its implementation . 
the aim of the Services Directive is to achieve the full implementation of the single internal market for services . 
it also concerns the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control ( ECDC ) and the early warning and public health threats early warning and response system for nature and role . 
finally , I approve organised by the Council Joint Action , namely to expand their pirate at sea and air pursuit of the right of the waters of the coastal states , provided the countries concerned agree , and for working out the coordinated mechanism of assistance against cases of maritime piracy . 
the compromise offers all of this . 
it was our last debate on the future of Europe in the series of talking . 
allow me to make three proposals : ... 
it is therefore the measures which , it will help to increase the transparency of , welcome and necessary . 
I am this before the plenary session of the said clearly , particularly if , as has been said about the fruit and vegetables sharing of the scheme . 
thank you very much ! 
this is the paradox - even asylum seekers are entering the EU from different groups consisting of the number of migration flows . 
could you to the President to say that if the current Parliament must demonstrate its real manhood still , then we should they review ? 
similar to the message was also provided at the end of March , at the informal meeting of Ministers of Foreign Affairs held in Slovenia . 
the big question is , of course , that such events esilepuhkemisele follows . 
I also support the view that the Member States should be given more time to investigate whether repealing the directives will lead to legal uncertainty . 
one mudavool wiped off the map of the whole village and killed hundreds of people . 
( DE ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , President of the Commission , it is the greatest achievement of the Portuguese Presidency , that the Lisbon Treaty is now ready to sign , and many of the Members of this Parliament have certainly given to also contribute . 
it is now humanitaarabitoetuste agreements concluded with four partneragentuuridega : Telecom Sans Frontières from France offers of emergency telecommunications services ; üleameerikaline Health Organization and the Spanish Red Cross will help restore health services , and the German Red Cross will provide shelter , clean water and basic households esmavajaliku . 
these are my thoughts intercultural dialogue issues which , why , who and how . 
it is a country where there are 2 million arbitrarily built the buildings , many of them metsapiirkondades ; in the fire destroyed land can easily build villas , and to bring them later electrical and veeühendus thanks to the changes made by the Government of the vote . 
if the European Union in the current situation , Ambassador Robert Mugabe &apos;s right to acknowledge it would certainly be an insult to decent people . 
Commissioner , we support your approach , which brings the first pillar more ecological and made cleaner . 
I would like to add just one point here in the debate : if the entry and exit registration system will work , then we have in the long term , the need for systematic checks . 
support expenditure of accessible in the promotion of artistic and cultural events , which may enriching the lives of the population . therefore , I supported the LUX Film Prize despite aimusest that its budget seems to be high . 
I am proposing to develop more environmentally friendly turismiliike , for example sporting or cultural tourism . 
I now look forward to an interesting debate and listen to your views . 
let me draw your attention to the report points 4 and 10 , which stresses the need to harmonise the self-employed or on family farms women working in the social and economic rights . 
in this regard , I would like to ask the Commissioner whether sõjandussektor , the activities of which sometimes the marine environment will intervene and this affects the , Community policy in this area shall be taken into account , in order to avoid environmental damage . 
I support the principle that all democratic institutions have a duty to ensure their activities , documents and decisions of the public . 
( HU ) I was shocked when I saw the food at the Conference of African delegation holding the slogan : &apos; do not feed Africa &apos; . 
the summit is in fact poorly prepared , both in terms of the common vision , which we need , and also in terms of resources and the resources that we use . 
we call for comparable , true , consistent and complete data . 
together we are able to reach the both of the outcome , achieving a free movement of persons if the certainty and security of all countries . 
in my view , creates problems of primary law , not the application of the legislation itself . 
such a policy should be terminated and the value attributed to the role of women , women &apos;s rights and equality and the value attributed to , inter alia , the land resources related to the services of the network , health care , education and pereabile and strengthening the most of this . 
I urge the European Parliament , augustikokkulepete seventh anniversary of the signing of this case well reflect . 
it seems as if that institution obsession to prove your value in the form of a purely action : whether it be good , bad or a mediocre . 
nevertheless , it is in the interests of the United Kingdom , that Pakistan can now trade preferences . 
therefore , I think it is unfair to show a picture of Herman van Rompuyst , who shall perform their tasks for all of us as President of the European Council , together with the host person . 
I am sure that such a statement is made successfully during the autumn . 
they want to the institutions to do this together , and therefore , they want to work together . 
the Doha Round of the main criterion has been the involvement of all the Member States of the negotiations in all matters , with both the broad organisation must be used in a comprehensive approach under which apply to certain variable geometry . 
airlines have in Europe and throughout the world the principal greenhouse gas emissions at the root of these . 
( NL ) Mr President , allow me to begin by congratulating the rapporteur . 
the situation is becoming worse , if we do not do anything . 
if this fails , whether the Commission could talk about some of the own established in this area of the programme for the exchange of best practices between Member States ? 
I would like to stress the importance of this plan of certain provisions , in particular those provisions concerning existing residential and public buildings in order to increase energy efficiency measures to be taken . 
Mr President , Põlisvähemuste , ethnic communities and languages as Co-President of the working group strongly condemn the measures which the Belarusian authorities have taken the Polish minority of the largest organisation and against members of minority groups . 
written statements ( Rule 149 ) 
in addition , safer vehicles design and construction of the Member States should invest as well as the road infrastructure safety . 
at the same time , it is clear that the Dublin system was not developed or the proposed burden-sharing as a tool . 
some are Greeks , who are treated differently than other Europeans . 
I fully support this idea that , although the Member States will be able to collect itself in accordance with that Regulation the requested data , it is necessary to harmonise the statistical data , however , the Commission &apos;s coordination activities , in order to ensure their comparability . 
so as the Afghans have to adapt to , we need that we are , by helping them achieve riigimudel tänapäevasus , which is connected to the Afghan tradition . 
it is also the so-called outstanding commitments , which amount to EUR 10 billion . 
the Joint Committee established by the Agreement to operate in court already in June . 
I would like to conclude the comment on the political kunsttüki , as regards the redistribution of the financing of the employment of young people . 
the whole of medical care , regardless of its specific nature , falls within the scope of the Treaty . 
having regard to that next year is the European Year of Volunteering , it is particularly important that the European Voluntary Service - which supports the involvement of young people in voluntary activities , and the aim of which is to develop solidarity and promote active citizenship among young people - to become stronger . 
( PL ) Mr President , I voted against . 
indeed , innovation is both the European Commission &apos;s climate change package , as well as an integral part of the European economic recovery plan . 
because of the size of the tax fraud kaotatavate is difficult to assess . 
I hope that they all really democratic changes are applying for , especially now , when they , such as Ukraine , is of enormous economic problems . 
much is written in the Tour de France and it is German , who currently borne by the yellow shirt . 
they are more demanding with regard to the authorities of their countries . 
this means , of course , appropriate regulations transposition into national law and , if necessary , initiate proceedings against those Member States which are found violations of the law of the European Union . 
it is not related to the permanent residence permits . 
( DE ) Mr President , Othmar Karas has already mentioned some of the main topics . 
first of all , the Council decided to continue without preconditions dialogue between the European Union and Cuba , which is based on the principle of reciprocity and which deals with all the issues of mutual interest . 
secondly , we need to set higher targets in transatlantic dialogue on issues as raised by both the rapporteur and Commissioner , perhaps , Iran , Iraq , the Middle East , Afghanistan and so on the matter . 
the European economic recovery plan is intended for the big public investment in the transport and energy infrastructure modernisation . 
we have to remember one thing : we can , if necessary , the importation of food , but not in a way which does not meet our conditions . 
the crisis revealed to overcome the challenges , the Commission has launched several poliitikaalgatust . 
printers enterprises producing business model is founded on the printers relatively inexpensive to market and customer linking the Treaty , on the basis of which they will continue to buy expensive printerikassettide . 
according to the statistics of the World Bank has fallen into poverty in the developing countries around 44 million people since June of last year , because the food prices are at the beginning of 2011 at the 2008 level , if the growing food and naftahindadel was significantly negative impact on poverty throughout the world . 
I voted in favour of Mrs Angelilli &apos;s report , because we need a rapid , effective action to combat the causes and , in particular , the sexual exploitation of children and child pornography effects . 
the solution for Britain is , of course , leaving the European Union , taking control of their territorial waters and the restoration of mõistuspära again been resurrected national in the fishing industry . 
in order for relations with India would be balanced must , in our Member States to do the same . 
however , it appears that the Agreement on Trade in Bananas has helped to create a complex settlement of the Doha Round . 
as always , it is the taxpayer who , in particular to the strengthening of the so-called must pay . 
they are interested in international activities , but at the same time , they must take into account their regional and other associations , and also that these aspects must not in any human rights in international action to abandon . 
this brings me to a second point , which is of particular importance to us at the moment . 
the political representation in the European elections is very important for countries where a large part of the population is living in another Member State of the European Union , such as Romania . 
for most of the countries of the reduction in the debt is a very important subject , taking into account its negative impact on economic incentives and economic growth in the major tax and because of the risk premiums . 
it is important that the Member States to show solidarity to each other and share international standards in terms of compliance with each other fairly responsibility . 
nevertheless , in practical terms , I would like to draw attention to two silmanähtavale tegematajätmisele of the Spanish Presidency . 
in particular as regards the propensity to the flow of immigrants from Africa , it is very important that the Mediterranean countries to coordinate the response measures . 
we , as Members of the European Parliament forced to emphasise the need to respect the international commitments such as human rights and gender equality , to keep the dignity of women and children of Congo countless innocent . 
we think it is unacceptable to treat employed people on an equal footing with those who are self-employed . 
but now we find that your - contained in the Treaty of Lisbon , namely the protection of consumers of the horizontal obligation , contrary to the European Commission - you have done your allocation of portfolios exactly the opposite done , because now is not responsible for consumer protection simply not one Commissioner , but a number . 
the President of the Council . - With regard to the first question , then during the autumn there have been a number of bilateral meetings , the aim of which is the preparation of the negotiations and simplification . 
consequently , the European Union must focus on this issue . 
migration sustainable and being desirable slow down the need is five things : democracy , development , respect for international law , European solidarity and , in particular , that it would not prejudice the low-carbon rhetoric . 
the only way to solve this problem permanent is to improve our fisheries sector resilience to the increase in fuel prices . 
however , the strategic partnership must be based on the commitment of the Chinese to respect human rights , because we need partnerships with the countries which are democratic , not the totalitarian . 
in order to ensure the success of the Europe 2020 strategy should be more involved in the regions and the European Commission must continue to finance access the simplification of procedures . 
today was barely a few hours ago adopted an important piece of legislation , which recognises the rights of citizens to submit a legislative initiative , to take precedence over their right to citizenship . 
in addition , we were able to hold a public debate on the future of the Kyoto Protocol and the legal on the outcome . 
who would like to speak in favour of this ? 
I agree with the rapporteur when he draws attention to the fact that the Lisbon Treaty in the light of the new powers of the European Parliament to oversee the VPAs negotiations and their implementation over , and calls on the Commission to submit to Parliament documents relating to the implementation of the Agreement also studies among the social , economic and environmental impact . 
however , I would like to remind you that , following the accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union , the Black Sea has become a partially internal sea of the European Union , and we cannot ignore its strategic importance in terms of the whole world . 
this reaction is evident in the Commission and also here in the room , because some people believe that the EU does not have any role on this issue . 
the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund has already been used in other EU countries , particularly Portugal and Spain , and now it is time to provide such assistance for Belgium and Ireland . 
I support the idea that the European Parliament should make concrete proposals to the European Union on the financing and budgetary control of the EEAS . 
thank the European Parliament for all your support , which he will be able to operate in this area . 
I would like to address the digital content services to the next time , when I have a convincing data . 
the European Union must act . 
secondly , the model was developed for one of the type of fishery , at the same time , most of the Community fish stocks paljuliigilised , which means a number of species of over- or alapüüki . it is manifestly contrary to the maximum sustainable yield real meaning . 
I explained to you that Gdynia and Szczecin problem can help to resolve the sector a viable future for workers . 
( the President cut off the speaker . ) 
the European Parliament report drawn up by the rapporteur does not seem to particularly concerned about their objections it fears . 
at the same time , we must make every effort to make progress in relations with China . 
the demand for food is increased throughout the world , and this is the result of higher production costs , a major instability , land , water and energy supply reduction . 
so will be reduced to the Fund for the period 2008-2013 of funds allocated to the amount of the 628 million to EUR 614 million . 
this Regulation lays down Community procedures for the authorisation of medicinal products for human and veterinary use and on the supervision and establishing a European Medicines Agency and helps to ensure the right of patients to obtain the medicinal products available on the control of the competent authorities have undergone reliable , accessible and independent information . 
I have not forgotten any other problems . 
approximately 4 million has left , as a result of which is the population has increased over 2 million . 
I fully support the Tunisian transition to democracy and development process . 
in view of the extent of the consolidation , it expresses the programme of the proper level of ambition and is frontloading programme . 
I am also ready to fully contribute to the negotiations . 
we need them very carefully , very wisely consider and be open to all the countries affected by the concerns and needs . 
it is because of the countries of the European Union , show that it is possible . 
2.5 million people have left their homes , in order to escape from violence . 
in this approach linking of all EU policies five international problem . 
Serbia &apos;s path towards this has been after the collapse of the Soviet power and the break-up of Yugoslavia , particularly difficult . 
in order to be active citizen , people must be broader world view . 
it is true that it should first of all to examine their national regulatory authorities are said to have similar problems , but also in other EU Member States . 
between both countries started direct flights , and also applies to economic cooperation framework agreement . 
already in 2005 confirmed the Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev , all that respects the rights of journalists and they can count on assistance in the event of any threat . 
in this respect , our action should be guided by the principle : as little as possible . 
we will not achieve credibility in the world , if , in particular , our the measures adopted in the management of immigration and our policy in response to the tragic events caused by terrorism is not about human rights as an example . 
regardless of how we call it , we are in a situation where the multiannual financial framework has been exhausted . 
such filling stations should occur at the same time in all the Member States that every European citizen should have access to them . 
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( FR ) Mr President , I am pleased to be here today , to give you know from the statement of the Commission in relation to the resolution of the New Flame shipwreck and its consequences for the Bay of Algekirase , which you intend to adopt . 
my feminine intuition they enrich our understanding of the world . 
consequently , the worries us the fact that some Member States tend to adopt and apply the legislation which , according to the provisions of the directive is in no way justified . 
I believe that these are the points highlighted in the report well and that is why I voted in favour of it . 
I voted in favour of this document , because the democratic change cannot be imposed from the outside , not even by military means , but they must be to achieve a peaceful through the democratic process . 
the food crisis , where most of the world &apos;s poorest people suffer from our , must immediately address . 
we find in this context , the opportunity to discuss the situation in the dairy sector more widely . 
in our opinion , no explanation , according to which it would be all the time and a waste of resources , acceptable . 
it must not , under any circumstances , be an obstacle to the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia to becoming a member of the international organisations . 
the second big group , who should be to think is the farmers in the new Member States , especially the small farmers . 
in addition , I believe that the setting up of new structures are unnecessary and expensive . 
( SV ) Madam President , the global financial crisis shaking of the global economy , and now we must quickly many suggestions on how to do so that it will not be repeated again . 
they are not yet fully become vacant following the search for a successor to the Soviet Union , the Russian military presence . 
approval of Minutes of previous sitting 
they should not be for murder to get away . 
the resolution is , in my view , the message that the European Union strongly supports the Iraqi people , urging them to implement measures against violence and terror and to combat decisively democracy and the general for human dignity . 
if the Commissioner could possibly speak in more detail about the impact of the economic crisis of the world agricultural trade ? 
that is what this report is about - the framework for the creation . 
the approved legislation from the undeniable benefit is linked to the improvement of the quality of the tyres and thus increasing their safety . 
it is therefore the reason why the Greek currently under attack is suffering and special needs . 
in fact , we have a crisis which requires a global approach . the aim is twofold : to enhance the protection of our citizens and to express solidarity with the less developed countries . 
it provides support for the automotive industry , which is currently very difficult times . 
in order to maintain this dynamic , once again , the Commission adopted a number of proposals , which then , if these legislative proposals amending , is possible from 2011 to implement , in the event that they will be adopted at the right time . 
we are already substantially increased the funding and we hope that through a coordinated effort , together with other donors may be the overall level of funding to rise to an equivalent level with what is spent per capita in comparable in countries such as Laos and Cambodia . 
the development of the trans-European networks ( TEN ) , which , as Mr Albertini mentioned , have high hopes of railway development , will lead to a significant change , which obviously increases the proportion of the railway . 
it is high time that the Council finally recognise the democratic will of the majority of the members of the European Parliament expressed here . 
this , in order to be in place clear deadlines , the procedural guarantees and other protective measures , is important not only the national authorities , but also for the suspected or accused of a crime , and , in particular , it is for them . 
the Commission &apos;s proposals contain , however , also aspects which Parliament and I , as rapporteur must less positive . 
we have in my mind , of course , in particular with them . 
thirdly , the report proposes that the European Parliament , the future European External Action Service - and EU missions abroad should be liaison officers , who are responsible for the protection of human rights defenders . 
it is a budget that complies with the Commission and the Council demands . 
immigrants come from in the North , East , West and central , therefore , is that the whole of the European Agency , even if his seat was chosen at random Valletta . 
Cristiana Muscardini , food supply in the European Union in the case of protecting the independence of you are always in my support there . 
contrary to what was said , although the veracity of these claims has never been established , do not lead to a car varuosadelt taking advantage of the legal protection of consumer kasuni . 
we must encourage the Commission and the Member States to start the debate and to implement measures to increase the participation of women in politics . 
secondly , the boils down to democracy , of course , voices and elections , but also something more . 
kaugküttevõrkudesse investments cannot be left without taking account of the harmonisation of the policy on energy investments . 
is the legal systems , in which the rights of a notary is limited by the fixing of that has been expressed the will of the parties . 
it is not the 2011-2013 figures review , as Reimer Böge , Eider Gardiazábal Rubial , Jutta Haug , Jean-Luc Dehaene and Damien Abad said . 
their produced energy is simply too expensive . 
Mr President , this debate has shown that there are at least enormous doubts as to whether the legislation in force , whether they operate in all Member States is properly implemented and whether there is any can be properly implemented . 
there is no justification for this jubedusele . 
in writing . - ( EL ) International and regional agreements has so far not proved to be sufficient market supply and trade in regulation and failed to protect the agricultural produce transparent and stable prices . 
the Palestinian side , however , has not taken any such a step . 
I believe that it is a small step forward from Brussels to Strasbourg driving in reducing the costs . 
through today &apos;s resolution Parliament grants the Executive Director of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction in respect of the implementation of the Agency &apos;s budget for the financial year 2009 . 
in the end , all of this phenomenon , what Engels called &apos; võltsteadlikkuseks ’ : they believe that , in fact , cannot Tibetans thing clear at all and therefore should not allow them full democracy . 
the European Parliament is like still trying to add momentum teedrajavate by means of proposals , which I but now with the shall not , because they are not included in the report and my speaking time is coming to an end . 
we were decisively against and executions of women &apos;s rights underfoot trampimisele . 
I live on a peninsula , therefore , I understand saarlaste mentality . 
the chemical safety of toys is not only regulatiivküsimus ; it is also linked to the hygiene and , therefore , of vital importance in ensuring the safety of children . 
however , we need to bear in mind that we are legislating for the real world , not does not wish list ideaalmaailmale , and that the European Parliament should continue to remain firm in their respective fields of competence . 
call on the President to ask , we MEPs who belong to the pension fund , it orally now here in plenary , say , because they have a direct interest in this , which will be debated . 
a new international agreement takes into account the following the Kyoto conference changes , particularly in the Asian gigantide exceptional and rapid development : it is indeed the Bali a decisive step in this direction . although this is not the place where an agreement is reached , the start of negotiations and there is therefore very important in Bali negotiating mandate to develop a clear , precise deadlines and with a view to reaching the conclusion of the Agreement in 2009 . 
I can ensure that some of the Member States awaits in this regard the unpleasant awakening . 
the continued isolation but would , on the other hand , the feeling of exclusion and avoiding the exchange of ideas and could , in the worst case scenario , promote the narrow-minded nationalism . 
has killed over 60 people , including foreign citizens and their among the citizens of the EU countries , nearly 2000 people have been injured and in the capital in Bangkok is considerable damage . 
do not know whether the Commission consider - given that we are now very close to the elections - ensuring that , in each of the Member States is a targeted group or a series of people eritelefoninumbriga , etc . , where the candidates can immediately to the Commission such specific questions relating to access to information . 
I have to say that Frontex is now the contact person in the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees . 
we must resolutely objective to topeltdeklareerimise and -läbipaistvuse : those who deposit money in another country , must declare this . 
if we can work with China and Africa to improve good governance , then I believe that we will be able to provide aid and trade , and improvements . 
it is therefore important that businesses to be sure that the contaminated sites is used for the definition of similar procedures , thereby allowing investment planning . 
it is not clear why the Council and the Commission on this point , you gave up . we are not going to give up , therefore , we will vote against this report it is , therefore , that the certificate of origin is deleted . 
if this subject for the first time last month arose , I argued that subject politicisation is not only attacking Member State , but also the undermining of the activities of the Presidency of the EU . 
all these years Zimbabwe has been holding the key to the fate of South Africa , Thabo Mbeki but not only has failed to fulfil its vahendajakohuseid properly , but is blatantly Mugabe taken sides . 
where any of the people in the world for justifies the development of international trade itself in fact only if it contributes to economic development , employment , and if this improves the quality of life . 
for adjusting the thresholds and is needed to improve the political activities . 
today we will be voting on decisions approving the European executive directors , supervisory authorities . 
if these companies did not participate in cross-border activities or act even at the national level , establishing a accountability but unnecessary administrative burden , which brings to these businesses in the contribution to the costs ( approximately EUR 1170 ) . 
the money we adopted the EUR 1.6 billion of unused põllumajanduskuludest and EUR 200 million from the flexibility instrument , and the rest of the we got costs through the redistribution of prioriseerimise and heading 1a . 
if the compromise text shall be adopted within the Council exactly as agreed , and without amendments , then this text can be a significant step towards the implementation of the Community strategy concerning mercury . 
Madam President , the Finnish need not be ashamed of its julgeolekupoliitilisi solutions . 
we have put forward by the Commission at the stage of the first reading of the draft directive on consumer rights . 
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( NL ) Madam President , I am pleased that there is , in fact , two Commissioners . 
in addition , can be quickly kerkivaid prices to check the traditional energy sources through regulating prices . 
the amendment of the Regulation seeks the authorisation of this opportunity and extension of the sihistades low-income households in all Member States . 
we have to realise that Bashir genotsiidistrateegiaga clique in Khartoum fits Darfur communities and the rebel groups distribution and destruction , in order to peace talks , such as such , which should begin this weekend in Libya , out of nowhere does not lead to . 
in any case , the Commission is available for the equipment . 
this fact alone has led to his tapmiskatseteni and several political and legal attack by the ruling party . , among other things , he was sentenced to 12 years in prison . 
the funds will be assessed mudeli-põhist using qualitative analysis . 
I believe that those who believe that things need to be , to the effective at the expense of agriculture inefficient benefit from the system of support to agriculture , believe in a truly sustainable rural development . 
it is obvious that we need more coherence . 
I am absolutely sure that this region and Israel &apos;s security depends on what progress can be precisely to do at the moment . 
I wanted to say that one of the saddest thing I &apos;ve ever seen in my life I am , was in Addis Ababa fistula at the clinic , where we several naiskolleegiga as part of the ACP delegation went . 
of course means strengthening the role of Parliament additional responsibilities , greater accountability and more work . 
the Commission will promote the strengthening of Community aviation sector , which it must still too fragmented , in particular , in view of the current crisis . 
we support the linking of aid for agriculture production , enabling Portugali-taoliste countries in the production of agricultural food to grow , and , in general , enabling its priority sector modernisation . 
I would not be surprised if we can in the coming days or hours of known its indefinitely postponing . 
setting a target of a separate biogas would impose additional administrative burden both private and public authorities . 
unfortunately , was then the Commission against this proposal . 
access must be laid down in the interinstitutional agreement and , in this regard , there are already negotiations with the Commission and the Council . 
it must contain clear and specific obligations , since the international community &apos;s Millennium Development Goals the obligations arising from the redemption of still a long way . 
we need coordination clear , specific and precisely formulated on the basis of the strategy , which esindataks outside the euro area with one voice ; we also need leadership , through which will continue the work of the Eurogroup , the reinforcement of the following in the direction of Jean-Claude Juncker , which took the lead in taking on 1 January 2005 . 
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( DE ) Mr President , I , too , first , I would like to thank the rapporteur ! 
in the same way , it shall refer to the European Union general policy , which will help to survive this debt . debt , which was essential for the European Union , when he was faced with a crisis and social need to combat the crisis , and to protect the most vulnerable . 
the party of closure is not and cannot be a daily thing . 
we in the European Parliament and the European Union , we want a strong partnership , relations with all the countries of the Middle East and , where possible , the friendship . 
excessive residue was found at the premises of the European Parliament even müüdavates fruits . 
the first is related to tööstusstandarditega . 
the European judicial area improving and strengthening also means improving the method of justice and modernisation , which in turn depends on the use of our new methods of communication . this is the e-Justice the nature of the project . 
after all , Moldova is close to Europe and is to be supported , at a time when it is open for Europe . 
in addition , these programmes are not sufficiently coordinated , as is stated several times in this House , and the action of Member States with little coordination between them and a narrow cooperation is also due to the high costs of resettlement , which is why the idea of displacement , of course , unpleasant . 
may I once again confirm that the Copenhagen criteria are non-negotiable , especially if we are talking about the rights of minorities and human rights , and Macedonia and Croatia cannot therefore start complying with the Community acquis and that , in particular , on the basis of sexual orientation discrimination on the prevention . 
Sealtsamast must also seek reasons why in the accession negotiations have arisen such huge difficulties . 
check Greece , Spain and Portugal , but not in my country ! 
such a solution is for the winners and losers , and the last , tens of thousands of local civilians , who valitsusüksuste scary retreating or flee . 
its impact has not been untouched any European country . 
billions of euros of additional aid to Greece without a clear suunamuutuseta is no more than a safety net for banks . 
what we need to know , is it , which will be the result . 
get themselves national supervisory authorities to perform accreditation and the European Parliament will give you our support . 
Homogeensus and credibility here is the most important considerations . 
the Czech Republic has an obligation to complete the ratification process . 
we believe that a permanent stability mechanism vajalikkusesse , the Commission supported the amendment of the Treaty constructively to a limited extent . 
I think that it will help to shape the future EU political spordiraamistikku , which we probably - without of preventive decision relating to the Treaty of Lisbon on the development of - to implement already next year . 
I know is in 2011 , seven months , which is 31 days . 
the European Roma inclusion strategy may be certain professional minimum . 
despite the rapporteur for the claim to the contrary , it is expected that the draft regulation , the third country citizens enjoy freedom of movement , freedom of establishment and free access to the labour market throughout the European Union ; we must bear in mind that these are all things that - thank God - is not yet become reality . 
during the last four months of the Czech Presidency has been very actively and responsibly talks with the European Parliament and presented to Parliament a lot of the compromise solutions related to the Directive on various topics , in order to find a final solution which would be acceptable to both the Council and the European Parliament . 
to meet this requirement , the Commission has made great efforts , the aim of which is to deepen the dialogue and cooperation with Libya and Turkey , the two main country , which undergo across the Mediterranean are running illegal migratory routes . 
see , for example , GSM-standardit , which , together , we also have created in the 1990s : it was the right decision , which was made in good time . 
the TACs for the cod are reflected in the total allowable catch of changes in the other mortality contribute factors . 
the High Representative / Vice-President of the European Union is trying to achieve greater participation in international coordination in this context . 
we are talking about actually still the same source from the same kalavarust , but this source is developing known in certain zones . 
the parliamentary procedure is absolutely crazy . 
I think that more clarity is needed as regards the conditions for reimbursement and regulations , which form the basis of a system of prior authorisation , if this is necessary . 
a digital single market also requires the determined action services for the development of the market . 
I know that play their part in the European Parliament and of the Financial Regulation of the European Union , and that it has become very problematic after Jacques Santer led by the Commission procedures ten years ago . 
we need to finish the agreement . 
Edit Bauer has infringed the Rules of Procedure of our institution . 
many of the Chinese quality of life has improved . 
on this basis is to see that the European Parliament must intervene as a co-legislator , in order to implement the Economic and Monetary Union stabilise the fundamental reforms necessary . 
( SK ) Tsüaniidi ekstraktsioonitehnikaga associated with the environmental damage of great risk , therefore , it poses a threat to human life and health . 
in writing . - ( PL ) Ülekaalulisus and obesity is modern epidemics , which has harmful consequences for health and even to people &apos;s lives . 
I consider that the European Social Fund is required for the separate and simple rules . 
the rapporteur of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs . - Madam President , I do not want my talking to refer specifically to anyone . 
farmers and gardeners must recognise that bees are toxic products , in front of completely vulnerable and that they are priceless helpers their crops kasvamisel and must be protected as a matter of priority . 
I support this legislation very . 
in fact , it is impossible , and we need to say at the beginning of this already . it requires revision of the Treaties and this cannot be done within the framework of the citizens &apos; initiative . 
their ( such as Brazil , Russia , India and China ) growth must be based on a green technology . 
- ( NL ) Mr President , the report on policy priorities in the fight against illegal immigration of citizens from third countries against which we have just approved , is certainly not the worst report , which in here , once adopted , and it actually contains a number of very interesting suggestions , but I think , however , that the report does not tell the whole story as a whole and , therefore , I did not vote in favour of it . 
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , over the last few hours have arrived in Italy of over 5 000 immigrants , yet 10 000 is getting down the road towards Italy , France and Germany . 
the second point is the need to clarify that these micro-credits are certainly intended for the long-term unemployed , less advantaged people and to all who are not able to get credit in the normal way . 
in addition , maritime regions in order to maintain good environmental conditions to comply with the precautionary principle and the need to reassess 100 nautical miles limit islands around , since the introduction , it is necessary to take 200 nautical miles , that ... 
in particular , the need to strengthen the human rights policy towards the end , not the beginning , which is based in many cases topeltstandarditel . 
we need a compromise at first reading , and Parliament has shown the way for proposals , concerning , for example , the use of sharing . 
these provisions shall be used for the adoption of the new regulatory procedure with scrutiny procedure . 
you should raise the issue again , if Mr Pöttering is in the Chair . 
although the minutes of the agreement is not my responsibility , I would like you to be aware of the problem . 
( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to say that the French representative of the Government of today &apos;s absence shows that , on the other hand , the Presidency , assisted usually his political success , for the very warmly welcomes . 
the EU must invest in innovation in order to develop new products and services . 
such a situation significantly reduces the competitiveness of our farmers and the profit . 
to conclude the debate , I have received one motion for a resolution , which has been tabled pursuant to Rule 108 ( 5 ) . 
in recent years , but a number of the outbreak of the bluetongue epidemic , which has been affected by many of the Member States , including in central and northern Europe , and caused great damage to livestock farming and complicated the trade in live animals . 
as Professor Monti rightly observed is , known as the Member States of the EU market to issues of certain nausea , but it is now , more than ever , we need a strong common market . the last months of the crisis has shown this . 
reserve should become thinking provotseerivaks policy . 
( the oral amendment was accepted ) 
Lõunamaad lose every year 1 000 billion dollars , which illegally north is transferred , and this 350 billion is moving through tax havens . 
they should , of course , be in accordance with the World Trade Organisation . 
finding an answer to these serious questions is the EU &apos;s common foreign policy for the difficult task . 
the European Commission &apos;s seven priority areas are clear and advise Prime Minister Igor Lukšići Government to tackle them resolutely . as a result of Montenegro will open negotiations on fully-fledged membership . 
in addition , we need to share the burden within the EU . 
this is a sensitive area , which affects the social values associated with gambling deviant behaviour , and also the national tradition to focus on that market amounts received social funding . 
( NL ) Madam President , but also something else has not been achieved , then it is the negotiations with Turkey helped the Commission and the Council to improve eufemismide use art . 
Mr Bonde proposal had not thought through and infringes the current Statute . 
in writing . - ( FR ) of the European Union , the symbol of human rights throughout the world , must ensure that its territory a fair treatment of third-country nationals residing and working on them out inclusive policy . 
but we must also take into account related problems in the sphere of public health . 
our proposal clarifies the situation and oblige Member States to apply the requisite labelling regulations . 
I believe that we can do this only if we achieve the majority of approval . 
in this context , I welcome Kathalijne Maria Buitenweg &apos;s amendments by the Green Group and thank him for the important contribution . 
this could be the haridusühiskond , which also extends to the body education and activities . 
secondly , we need to take action to improve risk management and the management of the economy . 
we have avoided if a meaningful võrdusmärki from any of the existing national and between a terrorist group . 
it is a clear attempt to Parliament on this important matter aside and Parliament &apos;s Legal Service has confirmed that , for this proposal could have been used to choose a different legal basis , which would have enabled Parliament &apos;s full involvement in the process . 
we have known for decades that smugglers have criminal interest against trafficking in human beings and that often have their poorly paid and poorly of illegal workers in the shoe linked to the supplying of accomplices . 
I have major reservations regarding the vote on Amendment 6 of the submitted by one of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) , on behalf of the members of the group . 
this means the costs of each of the suppression of their use by a mile at a time when fuel prices are at record high . 
in response to the crisis , the EIB has significantly extended its objectives : in order to help companies and to support the economic recovery , the EIB has significantly increased its lending capacity , paying out EUR 10 billion more than expected . 
this is very much solid and President Buzek has always said that we need the EU energiaühendust . 
I do not agree with this view . 
one of the major political parties almost ceased to exist , because it recently threatened the withdrawal of the small financial errors after . 
this decision should be annulled because , otherwise , this country can &apos;t valimisjärgsest come out of political stalemate and increasing the number of incidences of violence , which has already been reported . 
where is the effective cars , which Europeans wanted to dump massitootmisest tulevikuturgudele ? 
a total of eight obsolete and repeal of outdated Directive will enable us to take one more step towards less bureaucracy Europe . 
in my opinion , is the moral support of the inclusion of this proposal very important . 
and yet one observation : I assume that the relevant measures have already been taken to the current budget support system , according to which aid will be suspended in such a situation , as there is in Kenya following the elections . 
Guy Bono report is one of them . 
I would like to ask the Commissioner and our programmes to allocate funds for research in this area , in order to make these directions reversed and to improve women &apos;s state of health . 
Italy is this proposal particularly interested in Milan &apos;s regard EXPO due to 2015 . 
speaking of the situation in East Jerusalem , I fully support the initiative of the Presidency and the desire to achieve clarity Jerusalem if the two countries on the role of the capital and determination in this context , how important it is that Israel has suspended settlement freeze of East Jerusalem . 
Mander and its residents require a single acquis , at least some form of ... to some extent , what the lawyer calls üldosaks . 
I voted in favour of the report , because it contains special provisions in order to promote the interests of consumers . 
ladies and gentlemen , this is not the only such a case . 
this means that we must measure it , what is the situation right now , and what we can do better . 
I would like to stress that , on the one hand , the Treaty gives national parliaments more influence and , on the other hand , it is based on the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union , in this area in keeping and consolidate the human rights and the rights of minorities laying down the validity of the document . 
the European plan for the car industry must be forward-looking and be based on knowledge and development , not kehvematel conditions . 
( SK ) Mr President , the current studies on the impact of climate change on the European forests shows that metsaökosüsteemid respond to this very differently depending on the region . 
I congratulate the European Parliament and of all the citizens of the European Union , as well as the rapporteur on the that today was adopted decisions , which should promote more concrete and eesmärgipärasemat activities both for the treatment of cancer as well as the prevention of cancer . 
attention is at the heart of the financial crisis , and rightly so . 
we all know that the European Regional Development Fund , the European Social Fund , the common agricultural policy fund and other funds at the level of the Member States just add our own European halduskeerukusele yet difficulties . 
I conclude the requirement , Prime Minister . 
this other than the legislative report stresses that the Directive may even more integrated into the EU economy . 
finally , I would again like to thank Mr Staes for his excellent work on this proposal , which is very difficult , but at the same time , an extremely important for the environment and human health . 
this report of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund implementation of the general regulation on the amendment is particularly important for the citizens of the European Union . 
Mr President , if the Spanish Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero solemnly opened under the Spanish Presidency in Strasbourg , he gave a speech on the Europe 2020 programme , without that would have never been mentioned , why the Lisbon strategy at all of the failed . 
however , this means all forms of terrorism and violence on the prohibition of human rights and cooperation on the implementation of the strategy . 
it is so important . 
the European social model is an active model of society , which võtmeosaks is activity in the labour market . 
minorities are persecuted , especially against the Baha &apos;i usurühmitust . 
in writing . - ( ES ) Mr Häusling report on the protein deficit in Europe and the search for solutions , contains some good ideas , such as their supporting farmers who contribute to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions . 
thanks to the chemistry we have vaccines , antibiotics , which is our life expectancy doubled , and chemistry is the development of new sources of energy and food key to improving . 
what is the state of play with the introduction of a common consolidated corporate tax base to the discussions on this matter on the Lisbon and , on the basis of the vote on the concerns expressed by the Irish electorate , whether the Commission has changed its approach in any way ? 
therefore , strengthen the Small Business Act of the implementation of the competitiveness aspect . 
we proposed to the European Council , of course , täisformaadi out . 
the solution is national declarations . 
firstly , the Community preference system too rapid scrapped may be and is still some bananas for the exporting ACP State severe consequences . 
more needs to be done to efforts to complement the adult skills and to achieve flexibility and security across the labour market . 
certain restrictions are linked to the Court of Justice of the European Union , the European Central Bank and the European Investment Bank documents , but also in this area is now significantly larger than before . 
more than 13 million in aided programme for the benefit of the poor , 19 of the participating Member States and the fact that the scheme has received a stable outlet for the provision of intervention products , show the value of a programme . 
it therefore considers that his each parliamentary committee , one of the most important task is to ensure that our right would consist not only empty words . 
but then , if Roma park their wagons our elusive houses of the representatives of the political class in the grass , they may make its position with regard to the benefits of EU membership . 
publishers can internetitellimusi still offer its website , or in any other way , but they can no longer orders processed through an iPhone app , using the Apple as an intermediary . 
we might well to discuss abstract painting over . 
the Valencian textile market is Europe , and Europe , more specifically , France , Italy and Germany . 
I am pleased to be the European Parliament . 
the target to reduce the education drop-out rate and to increase the proportion of people with a university education has not yet been quantified and also has not stated aim to promote social integration and , in particular , to reduce poverty . 
I am in favour of adult education . 
it is for the European Union , in this case , a major challenge : to be able to successfully to meet , to launch and support such European funds and projects , which can be used and the launch of women living in rural areas . 
the UN recently announced that at least 20 000 people left the town of Abyei and fled south , if the Northern army from the region suffers out . 
in other words , the negotiations have emerged three main blocks . 
in Laos , this is in charge of the communist party programme result , according to which are treated Christianity if religion , which represents the Western imperialism . 
this is particularly relevant , since we know that the Council intends to cut their budget 4 % and the Commission only 1 % increase , the Committee of the Regions increases it around 2,9 % and the Economic and Social Committee even less . 
as you know , requires the GSP around 30 human rights , labour law , environmental protection and good governance standards of the International Convention on the ratification . 
there is no longer the Procedural pretexts avoid them . 
nevertheless , I would like to emphasise four questions , which I regard as extremely important . 
( DE ) Mr President , I would particularly like to thank both rapporteurs . 
the European border is tenuous as sõelapõhi . 
in writing . - ( IT ) Ford &apos;s report is part of the legislative package for reforming economic governance , which consists of six reports resulting from of months of negotiations . 
physical security and energy security , food security is one of the main pillars , which is important both for the people of the country , as well as any for the individual . 
after all , it is the people of the inmates of Guantánamo , and not the kind of people willing to go around . 
so it certainly was not . 
let me one point was particularly important to ! 
ladies and gentlemen , I see that some Members have come to the Chamber , after the start of Question Time , and is not aware of the , no matter how short the time , which we get endeavour have taken into account . 
it seems to me that , if we are trying to deal with the challenges such as the economic crisis and the need to generate growth , then we should not be considered as a priority of the fight against climate warming costs . 
the first question is , how we can improve energy efficiency and energy efficiency ? 
what is the result - the Member States are beginning to compete in it , who most greater debt funds allows . 
the problem is , Commissioner , that currently has created a consistent case-law of the European Court of Justice , which says that one country may come from the employees to work in other countries with less than 50 % of the salary on the basis of the Directive , which I must say was created precisely to prevent this . 
today &apos;s debate , which , in my opinion , the Neighbourhood Policy includes all the important points of view , has become a long and intense . 
this debate is very necessary . 
this is the first unfair fact . 
thank you ! 
can you already to confirm that you will probably here in Parliament greater support , if some of the other Commissioners would have received . 
twenty days ago hit the same difficult fate also of my country in Veneto , Italy , where it was two deaths , Friuli-Venezia Giulia , Liguria and Calabria County , where each was one of the human sacrifice , and in the province of Salerno and Campania and the Region of Tuscany , where three people died and injured , tens , who had to dig out of the mud and kivipurust . Rovigos one person is still missing . 
this was an important event to discuss the possible courses of action , which can help entrepreneurs , in order to support the economic recovery and growth . 
we also need to decide whether to account is taken throughout the whole of the legal person or only in its Board . 
the EU &apos;s commitment cannot and should not decrease in the belief that all now , in itself , time goes . 
we need to increase the share of renewable energy sources , the energy efficiency of buildings and products and investment in research and to alleviate the effects of climate change võetavatesse measures . 
Medina Ortega is trying in his report on this very specific be and I welcome this , but the legislator &apos;s desire to use alternative methods of legislation , with the exception of the black list of the rule , not disappear . 
we took the brutal measure for one of the parties and the other half of against . 
3 . 
the EU is the most of the ACP countries , the most important trading partner . 
in this way they are interpreted . 
continuing this equivalent , I would like to draw attention to the fact that , if the child should be in the future , Romania or Bulgaria farmer , I would say that he can be eight years after its , which he deserved . 
the way to overcome the opposition , and to create the conditions for the approval of the legal framework of the Eurovignette and the efficient functioning of the directive is to ensure , firstly , strict , transparent and rapid application in all the Member States and , secondly , to ensure that the whole of the revenue directed towards the contributory as instruments of transport infrastructure , not to be used to fulfil these infamous deficits . 
it is crucial , in fact , see what is happening on the ground of the accession : in view of the large political breakthroughs , but also , above all completely practical changes that will benefit the people who live there . 
( the oral amendment was not accepted ) 
countries , international organisations and individuals reacted to the occupation forces to violence , sending Vilniusesse toetussõnumeid . 
your attention is also drawn by the Council adopted conclusions in June of the Global Approach to &apos; enlargement and on strengthening . 
it must be extended and it must be made more flexible . 
behind closed doors when the Council is not able to adopt a common position . 
in the field of European structural policy has created a new instrument , JEREMIE toetusalgatus , which is linked in particular to small and medium-sized enterprises ensuring better access to capital . 
the EU and the international community opportunities to make the Somali reality is modest . 
it has budget for the European regions . 
especially with regard to the problem of the SIS II , which has been on inadmissible and , for the reasons which Parliament is much criticised . 
however , you did not give a clear answer to my question . 
this does not bode well at all in the context in which the Government criticised the news edastuskanali followed the closure of constant protests , during which collide students and opposition members repeatedly violently together with the security forces . 
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , your country , is the next six months , the Presidency of the European Union . 
we neglected the meaning of the national reference provisions , because the labelling system must be as much as possible the single . 
you want to get rid of them , which means that in 2013 is our payment of GBP 13 billion . 
therefore , the Member States must immediately launch thorough existing buildings renoveerimiste programme , in order to achieve by 2050 in an environment of already existing buildings almost zero rate of energy consumption . 
the greatest possible of length of detention period is an important element of the Directive . 
this is the situation now . 
instead , I will conclude that more mutual responsibility and solidarity must be accompanied by the mutual intervention . 
then I propose to adopt the Council conclusions on the communication from the Commission pursuant to deforestation . 
this is certainly the least that the members of this Parliament may request . 
then we must closely monitor whether the South Sudan is actually ready to comply with that agreement . 
( PL ) Mr President , the Union &apos;s relations with Russia must be bi-directional . 
in writing . - ( FR ) I voted in favour of the European Medicines Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget for the year 2006 on the basis of the report by my Austrian colleague Mr Hans-Peter Martin , which recommends to Parliament to give discharge for the Director of the . 
these measures is in my view an excellent example to others . 
Madam President , the review of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court , let us remind ourselves that its creation notes the success of the liberal democracy and effective international law of the development of the commitment . 
the political groups are legally owed obligation to take part in the discussions . 
thank you . 
for the first time the European Union was able to explicitly recognise the previous year , the conclusions of the summit in the study , which we some time ago , we , and also on the agenda of the culture of the European Union in the age of globalisation . 
we have talked a lot about the men and women of equal rights , equal opportunities in the labour market and it is clear that a longer leave - and also of paternity leave including - in order to create a better basis . 
in writing . - ( PT ) Women in agriculture and rural areas in an ever greater role . 
you have already been mentioned this evening , that we must indeed pay special attention to the effectiveness and the costs . 
in addition , carriers in relation to complaints and launch of redress system , which is in accordance with the regulation referred to in the rights and obligations . 
on 15 July was the only one of the objection and that it had to be you yourselves . 
in a situation where market participants are working with the internal credit assessment of its regulatory capital requirements , is on the inherent conflict of interests . 
( SK ) in the Goldstone report , which we are debating the conclusions and recommendations , ignores Israel &apos;s right to protect themselves . 
now it is quite a big - almost 40 % of total energy consumption . 
the people living in the suburbs , however , is around 900 million , at least so stood on the issue and the Commissioner didn &apos;t argue against it ? 
now , however , is still too early to discuss what these measures might include . 
alcohol has its part in the case of most of the killings and it causes roads 17 000 unnecessary deaths per year . 
although these two of the directive to operate independently in theory , they are dependent on the practice of each other . 
unclear ühisfinantseeringu regulations ; 
( 2 ) states that one of the summit we are discussing the main issue should be &apos; at global level of bank of the transaction tax or the introduction of the question &apos; . 
the Commission is in the framework of the Stabilisation and Association Agreement negotiated with the signing of the free trade agreements , to create the conditions for political and economic reforms and to establish a basis for the countries of the western Balkans for the integration of the European Union , for example through the adaptation of the Community acquis . 
we should bear in mind the facts and if we refer to the persecution , we should remember who , who is giving . 
the thing was , and now we know that was due to an internal debate on whether to set a separate value for tar sands . 
we need to feed the poor , especially in the current economic crisis , and I support them scheme , changes that will achieve this goal . 
in order to find a way out of this crisis , must be immediately to elect the President of the Republic and to set up a new government in accordance with the Constitution . 
written statements ( Rule 142 of the Rules of Procedure ) 
EU society is ageing , and therefore should not be influx of migrants to see only as a threat to the European tööjõuturgudele . 
it is there , but all she , as rapporteur , do not recognise , although it is . 
ladies and gentlemen , the reason why these lippudel crosses portrayed does not differ from the reason why Italian restoring classrooms on the wall hanging crucifixes , and it is not so much religious reason , but rather is linked to culture and traditions . 
the representative of the European External Action Service , according to the money was spent on this reform . 
small vuntsimisest is not enough . 
4 . 
GDP growth will increasingly depend on the volume of the services sector . 
Parliament &apos;s resolution of 2 February 2006 recommended that Member States formulate a zero-tolerance policy as regards all forms of violence against women , and to take the necessary measures to ensure better protection for victims . 
this is an attempt to make us small and weak . 
we also demand that products are manufactured in decent working conditions , without ohtudeta workers &apos; health and safety . 
transparency is an important and its importance will grow even further in the age of globalisation . 
we want to ensure that there is appropriate incentives to anyone to act on its behalf , to limit global warming and to adapt the economic policies that promote a climate friendly development . 
the European Union has no authority in this area . 
this type of drinks in certain regions of Europe is part of the culture and make an important contribution to the local economy . 
was recently Manchester Airport new investigation , and now has the legal advice , in particular , with regard to the use of machinery juveniles can the picture due to the nature of the breach the children &apos;s safety and kaitseseadusi . 
it is expected that the European Council confirms , once again , the European Commission at the end of last year , the decision made and initiates the accession process . 
there is nothing to show that consumers of any real benefit . 
I can assure you that you have the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , on behalf of the Union &apos;s full support for all the operation during the period of one in front . 
and if you decide to move away from , you must face in front of the euro area , which has grown your lost because of the value of the currency . 
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance . 
now , one year after the entry into force of the new legislation irreversible , data show that the European producers intending to adapt their production system , but it is not without difficulty . 
for this reason , it is vital to begin dialogue with all the parties , the Government of Chad , the opposition and the rebels , sometimes , which was in line with international standards , bearing in mind the duty free elections of 2009 . 
mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund : Odense Steel Shipyard / Denmark ( 
in addition to the delay in the Communication of the Commission of the commitments undertaken . 
democratic guarantees surrounded by a transatlantic security is important lühistamiseks the financing of terrorism . 
according to the Commission against the decision of the General Affairs last week shall be subject to be discussed again after the Commission has delivered its opinion . 
yesterday reminded President Barroso here in the House that the first summit in Washington DC took place on the initiative of the French Presidency and President Sarkozy of cooperation with the Commission . 
although the European Union remains firmly committed and related , is not really clear how far in the coming weeks debate leads . 
the EU should not be without a strong reason to draw up legislation . 
1 . 
it is very important to monitor what is happening there . 
collective bargaining does not mean something too . 
it has been a tough fight . 
so far , there &apos;s a massive waste of an illegal shipment outside the EU . 
I agree with the report and it makes me great joy , because it makes the applicants for international protection , including refugees , new rights . 
finally , I would like to say that the Commission recognises the need to include the issue of climate change , the better its own aid programmes , and to do so in close cooperation with partner countries and development partners at national level . 
in writing . - ( RO ) Mr Reul &apos;s report is the current economic crisis and the problems of climate change in view of the extremely important . 
if , however , such an important industries such as the car industry itself somewhat unhappy feels more needs to be done . 
despite the fact that a number of different reasons for the various algetega has contributed to the spread of this phenomenon , I would like to stress the important aspect of this äärmusluseteemalisel debate , namely immigration . 
signature of acts adopted under codecision : see Minutes 
I do not think that it would help to anyone , certainly not the poorest countries . 
why I of this spordisündmusest talking about ? 
we cannot allow that the European Union will take the implementation of the NEAFC decisions for years time . 
it is an election year and the year in which the European is also very widely internationally committed to protecting the climate . 
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , we are already a long time strongly believed that the European Union strategy for Central Asia is very important and will have a positive impact on the Central Asian countries of the security , stability and prosperity . 
human rights must be involved in the Constitution and must also be implemented in practice . 
it may be supplemented by society knowledge of healthy lifestyles , granted , for example , through the educational campaigns and measures , but not replace them knowledge . 
it is one of the freedom of the press sõlmküsimustest and without it cannot be in our community substantive freedom of expression . 
we did this despite the fact that in the comments was the paragraph , which confirmed that the EU should move towards a low carbon economy . 
the European Commission &apos;s legislative proposals on over-the-counter derivatives and short selling is also essential to amend the financial system more transparent and more flexible . 
although this motion for a resolution intentions are good , which aims to protect European citizens , cannot , however , exclude the possibility of these important data inappropriate use . 
at the moment we have mõõnaperioodis cycle . 
we also need help in the case of medicines of its own producers , but I think we all agree that it must not do so that it must be to the detriment of those who are dependent on access to cheap drugs . 
I say that it is possible to support the European structural economic policies , pooldamata at the same time , the increase in the deficit . 
I believe that , before the new measures need to assess the full systematic application of the existing mechanisms , to prevent the creation of bigger problems than those which we are trying to overcome . 
we support the rights of citizens and the protection of consumers in international European trade . 
Mr President , let me remind you that will take place in Qatar still delicate public opinion consultation . 
this is particularly true on the global division of labour in the case of the European manufacturing companies . 
ladies and gentlemen , I am of the opinion that we must be very careful , with a view to Tunisia , Egypt and Libya experience , and that the European Union should respect for international law , on request , be much tougher . 
Lisavolitustega entails responsibility and the post-2013 common agricultural policy ( CAP ) on the future of the approval of the Lyon report shows that the European Parliament will take their responsibility seriously . 
at the same time , does not in this Regulation , however , the responsibility for the origin of the ingredients of the product . 
as regards kaubandusküsimust last year , then the European Union – Japan summit , we agreed that we are going to examine the possibilities of how best to improve our relations . 
we can no longer to see and perceive themselves separate from Europe . 
I have just said , Vilija Blinkevičiūtė , that the pension funds are major institutional investors . 
in such a situation , it is hard to imagine both external and domestic investment targeting into business operations . 
I voted in favour of the adoption of the EU strategy for youth , during which was collected for the first time the European information on the situation of young people , and also the Commission defined the three priorities of youth policy . 
in 1989 , we were clearly aware of the situation and consulted a number of people living abroad . 
Vice-President of the Commission . - I can say that the plan D played a key role of new methods of testing , by means of which those NGOs which involve citizens from all the jobs in the discussions on the future of Europe . 
rapporteur . - Mr President , first of all , it should be said that no one should be increasing safety and the safety standards of austerity against . 
the press is sown citizens on a daily basis over the controversial information and väärtõlgendustega . 
among the proposed measures would highlight the equality plans of the development and the fight against domestic violence dedicated to this issue through the declaration of the European Year . 
closer connection with countries that do not form part of the area of freedom , security and justice based on an area , shall not encourage the growth of international crime and to simplify the smuggling and trafficking in human beings . 
whether they are a member of the European Council of the democratic state police käitumisstandardid ? 
Mr President , I would finally like to thank our rapporteur . 
I do not know how long we can hold out without understanding that , to kill a lot of people with little by little every day is the same reprehensible if killing a large number of people one day . 
all of the debates held on this subject must be transparent , in order to increase public awareness and to ensure the support of the people of our actions . 
this means that the entry into force of the SWIFT agreement does not give in the field of the protection of added value . 
I believe that this directive will increase the number of organs thanks to better cooperation and cross-border elundivahetustele and binds the Member States new principled way . 
we need to act rigorously . 
if this Council meeting would be the motto , it could be &quot; we have no time to waste &apos; . 
however , this agreement is the first step , which brings together the most of the parties and provides the basis for duty to reduce , finance , measured , to spread and to control measures to mitigate climate change and the fight against maharaiumise forests . 
what role will the Commission , Member States and regions play ? 
but why ? 
the problem of climate warming is one of the key issues which in today &apos;s world is plagued by . 
today is before Christmas period of one month . I have a great Christmas wish , and it is that , if the climate conference is over and participants no longer act administrators and tehnikutena who speak only details and quotas , we will finally have the political debate on what actually and practically our planet and its inhabitants to improve conditions can do . 
however , it should not surprise us , given that the MI5 pointed out in its own time our larval foreign policy on the High Representative , that he is sympathetic communist views , and if he was CND treasurer , she took Soviet blokilt money that undermine their national defence policy . 
the European high-tech advantage will enable us to use in the future of the green economy and the full potential benefits . 
however , it is recognised that we should apply the most stringent standards of the toy sector . 
in view of the countries of south-eastern Europe and the empires of the dissolution of a long history , was the right and good that it is precisely this troubled region countries are offered the opportunity to become a member of the European Union . 
now , if the ground troops have been attacked , is , in my opinion , a reason to ask whether a no-fly zone was set up for this purpose . 
Guinea 
people are tortured . 
young people need to entering the labour market support , in order to ensure their own and the future of the economy as a whole . 
( PT ) Madam President , I would like to take this opportunity to express solidarity and 100 000 Portuguese teacher who demonstrated an impressive and passage in Lisbon on 8 March &quot; Meelepaha publication of the march organised by the &apos; , organised by the Portuguese National Teachers &apos; Federation . 
who is talking about tens of millions and millions of them in Europe , who are in a difficult social situation and who do not have access to the labour market at any level ? 
we approved the Lisbon Treaty based on the basis of the provisions of the delegated acts ( I am finishing ) . 
I had a very clear picture of the country , which is not a proper market economy , and where the government interfering in far too many of the judiciary , the press and business activities . 
of these 19 cases 17 were small businesses three or fewer employees . 
for this reason , I am concerned that these trade preferences give the impression that we tasustame the Pakistani Government for it against that no action is taken . 
in writing . - ( RO ) Although the number of women in the labour market is for the first time in history , higher than the number of men persist related to the sex discrimination cases . 
and that is what we have done in the past few years by the European Council adopted in December 2006 and supported by the European Parliament of the renewed consensus on enlargement . 
no wonder that we are facing a kliimakatastroofiga and biological vaesumisega . 
Mr President , these reports are , at best , full of paradoxes , in the worst case , but utterly hypocritical . 
the European Union should the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy through to freedom of religion or belief , and religious communities , including Christians security one of the priorities of the Union in international relations . 
the fight against corruption in sport - CMP work ( written declarations ) 
no doubt will come back to this debate in the summer of 2011 , when the Commission presents a number of new ways of EU funding . 
one of the great to be a Czech once said : &apos; I is no longer a rookie : is expected of me gates ; gates beating is my work . &apos; 
immediately after the vote will begin with the study that , to consider the possible introduction of the European system . 
in Nagoya must be regarded as the importance of the agricultural sector in the environment , and this question should be central to the future to discuss the future of the common agricultural policy and on the budget . 
therefore , I would like to make a proposal to focus rather on the quality of the accommodation of animals during transport if pardaloleku time , so we do not impede the export and import of the animals from Ireland . 
the opposite - the secrecy and the concealment of documents - is causing mistrust and the feeling of marginalisation and sometimes can contribute to the development of corruption and the abuse of power . 
I would like to hear the truth and that Mr Weber would confirm whether these statements are made by it , and if not , I would like that he would push these publicly back on this and send a copy to the Parliament , in order to avoid disruption of public opinion of this kind of contradiction . 
the Government of the Slovak Republic are among those who will lead to the United States through bilateral discussions , in a true faith that , as a result of these discussions in Washington faster and is concerned with helping . 
there is an increasing need for accurate , timely and comparable statistical data on job vacancies according to Europe from region to region and in accordance with the branches of the economy , especially after the launch of the renewed Lisbon agenda of employment in 2005 . 
we support Poland , but the country must also understand that as one of the largest countries is that both the rights and responsibilities . 
what we achieved ? 
I therefore recognise that the fact that the report calls for the creation of infrastructure , which would make it possible to assess the proposals arising in Parliament and the effects of the draft . 
however , this amendment is not in order to achieve that objective suitably worded , and its adoption would lead to the end of the whole compromise . 
the next item is the Commission statement on the revision of EU instruments to support SME finance in the next programming period on practical issues . 
on the one hand , the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon about six months ago and , on the other hand , the global financial and economic crisis , its impact and the European Union &apos;s response to the crisis , undoubtedly mean that we have reached the end of the era of one in the life of the European Union and a new beginning . 
why shall , jointly used for the creation of airspace both civil and militaarlendudeks connected to the present so long ? 
we cannot return to the wild capitalism to extremes , Oliver Twist world ! 
so far , however , the EU encourages Belarus to take further irreversible steps towards democratic standards , without which our relationship cannot develop to its full potential . 
Ana Gomesil and Barbara Lochbihleril is right when they say that we should support the Egyptian and Tunisian events , and these events should receive our attention . and which we are debating today instruments really are offered this opportunity , particularly in the promotion of democracy and human rights worldwide through the Instrument . 
the EU was just their licences in these waters renewed and also of these people were all this to happen previously seen . 
Merry Christmas to all ! 
food security is not possible , if there is no guarantee of producers of economic sustainability . 
however , I do not agree that it was put to the vote in plenary and the calendar of part-sessions for 2013 . 
in writing . - ( FR ) , following the example of the Lisbon Treaty lays down in this report that the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation ( NATO ) must be the foundation of common EU Member States . 
the Commission must start centralising information relating to activities to be implemented by the Member States to combat tax fraud , to demonstrate what activity was the most successful , and recommend , what instruments must sobivaimateks süülise punishing behaviour . 
recently arrested on suspicion of albino killings or for hurting 173 person . 
deputising for the author . - ( DE ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , surely you are familiar with the Internet search Google . 
this , in turn , could undermine the credibility of the European Union in relation to the General Fisheries Commission for the Mediterranean and other international fisheries organisations . 
we want to draw attention to the fact that the Afghan oopiumivabade number of provinces have doubled in the course of this year . 
I come now to the second question , which is the SET Plan , which we are discussing here . 
he has visited the Romanian Parliament and supported the Boc government and Traian Băsescut . 
you for bringing attention to the improvement of public transport , increasing road safety and environmental aspects in the training of drivers and satelliitnavigatsioonis . 
in the last few days discussions posts determinations over leave me fears that we are not looking for the best solution for Europe , but the most obvious solution for the Member States and the political groups . 
why is this ? 
following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , Parliament &apos;s opinion is binding , but only already signed with the text ; Parliament cannot submit its proposals on the content of the or to change it . 
Mr President , by their very nature , and I agree - are the problems that we are trying to resolve these two documents , serious and very often a truly tragic . 
but the problem is also intended to support SMEs fragmentation of the programmes . 
this would allow us to fight merepiraatlusega - phenomenon , which comeback witnessed in recent years we have been , as well as to protect their sites of natural heritage and archaeology , in order to prevent disasters , which would have a disastrous effect of the development of the EU &apos;s coastal regions . 
in writing . - ( PT ) I agree that the delegated acts taken on the position must be repeated at second reading and it must be approved . 
in this regard , the People &apos;s Republic of China as a member of the UN Security Council must assume the responsibility and exert pressure on North Korea . 
Mr Brok admits that , without serious muutuseta in the current EU policies , could undermine the internal unity of the enlargement of the EU . 
I believe that it would be useful - and I make this proposal - to invite the 12 of the so-called new Member States cooperate with the Commission in the 10th European Development Fund in the context of the programme . 
as others have said , is considered to be the counterfeiting of victimless crime often as a crime , but it is far from it now , as we have also spoken . 
here I have in mind , for example , the ravimivaldkonna inventions . 
they are suffering under similar market abuse disciplines if the other participants in the financial markets . 
as the main objectives of the review is to simplify and to give a new version of the Regulation and , at the same time , to reduce unnecessary administrative burdens , fifth , therefore , the implementation of the Commission &apos;s commitment to achieve better regulation , as amended in 2007 to ensure compliance with the Montreal Protocol , to ensure that , in future , the resulting problems will be addressed timely for the purpose of restoring the ozone layer , and to avoid negative effects on human health and ecosystems , I voted in favour of this legislation . 
therefore , I appreciate it , which do not have been made here today , and I think that we should from today to deal with the rating agencies also finantsterroristide and profiteers who devastating human lives and are trying to overthrow the sovereign governments . 
they need to know where the animals whose meat they consume , has been fed genetically modified feed . 
the EU launched in respect of the implementation of the Data Protection Directive does not apply to the country , and in this case does not apply the Framework Decision on data protection in the area of police and judicial cooperation , because none of the Member State of the EU does not take part in the judgment of the US and the performance of personal data are not transmitted or made public by the competent authority of another Member State . 
a community of people is characterised by its advantages and the strengths and shortcomings and weaknesses . 
it also would not have been possible . 
issues such as lifelong learning begins , of course , the teachers . 
this , I fear , is making of Iceland &apos;s property . 
I would also like to stress the need for the Commission for the programming period 2007-2013 of the applicable at the time of the review of the regulations for the simplification measures in response to the current economic crisis . 
I believe that it is time for the Commission to implement this Article . 
my goodness ! 
thanks to the experience gained from the European Union budget is allocated to the means already during the course of the authorities responsible for civil protection and miscellaneous shall coordinate their activities . 
the Council must be able to provide the Members of the European Parliament , all the information which will enable Parliament to adopt an appropriate and fair decision . 
we can argue whether these plans could be or ought to have been mahukamad . 
the purpose of this Directive is to establish a common system of VAT invoicing , simplification and through reducing administrative burdens ; it is essential to achieving greater integration in the internal market and of the companies unfounded in order to reduce costs . 
cooperation between universities and business is one way - no , it is more than an opportunity , it is essential . 
it is therefore necessary to update the legislation on the collection of data and statistics . 
however , the prohibition must be based on scientific findings and not political dogmadel . 
Mr President , despite your dire consequences of international terrorism is , however , unfortunately , subject , which is the subject of controversy . 
technical , autonomous and independent body must precisely the IAEA proposals in this area to which the EU , for its part , the proper support , not the other way around . 
whereas , in order to reach the vote on the coordination of social security has taken a number of years , we have been happy to work together , Finland , Germany , Portugal , Slovenia and France . 
so , if we want to assure the European sides of Kosovo and to ensure the stability of the Balkan region , we must have a common approach throughout the region , and especially with regard to Kosovo . 
in a few months from now , he back , if was fulfilled its role in the European Parliament to ridicule . 
initiatives can be implemented but , unfortunately , only if they comply with the specific rules of procedure or the basic values of the European Union vastavusnõuetele , to prevent the use of the instrument ebademokraatlikel purposes . 
others , like Hannes Swoboda and Jan Marinus Wiersma , stress that we should not follow mustvalget approach and that the Ukrainian deserves some attention - and you are right . do not , of course , Ukraine things easier . 
thank you for your speech , Mr Rodríguez Zapatero . 
we must be another Commissioner , because we need to this issue seriously , we must understand that Europe has security problems and that there are things we can do together , using the added value at European level . this Commissioner is also engaged in other matters , but always follows the same spirit - it must always to the security and fully respects the individual freedoms and fundamental rights . 
they marched happily work , the shoulders axes and hoes here . 
any measures that will improve their national circumstances , is very important . 
- ( CS ) Mr President , I would like to explain why I abstained from voting on the report by Mr Hutchinson . 
that would be a clear - the European Conservatives and Reformists this act is adopted , we have the idea of a transnational political parties . 
Mr President , a member of the European Union the proposed countries are relatively poor . 
the European Union is divided into the north and lõunaleeri , be the subject of textile quotas or trade defence reform . 
without going into the detailed commentary on the content of this report , which hit may refer to a lot of criticism , I would like to draw attention to one of the article , against which I am voting in committee , although I had to reject the amendment to delete the intended . 
in writing . - ( NL ) A strong common agricultural policy with adequate instruments is necessary in order to ensure the safety of food . 
and we can also clearly to involve the European Investment Bank in this area . 
we also have the second list of countries whose nationals are exempt from that requirement . 
( PL ) Mr President , 87 years ago , the then world Communism and the leader of the Soviet Union Vladimir Ilyich Lenin share Georgia with three . 
bussitransporti offer companies should be responsible for the death or injury of passengers losses caused by and for the damage , if they arose in the event of accidents related to the use of transport services . 
the Council called on the Government of Chad and Sudan in Tripoli agreement to comply with the commitments and , in particular , to put an end to the instability in the region of assistance to armed groups . 
it was mentioned here of the Transnistria region . 
the same applies to the Social Fund . 
we know that some of the awful people affecting consequence is not opposed to any on the basis of compelling evidence based on the assessments are not real transfers to other Member States or on the way forward or repeated requirements on the prevention , although it is for these reasons , the Dublin system was established . 
in particular , this shows us that we must quickly abandon nuclear energy , and to pay more attention to renewable alternative energy sources . 
Internet access providers may be forced to discontinue the customer &apos;s Internet access or to give information on them . 
we feel that the adoption of raamõigusakti importance is that it increases competition on the market , without having to be revised by the level of consumer protection . 
one and the same instrument can be used to very restrictive or also very broad way . 
we also need a more effective and kaitsvamat common European asylum system . 
this is all the countries of the development of the political võtme-eesmärk . 
but I warn you - we simply do not give its consent to any agreement . 
a moment ago Mr Sonik reminded us of how the destruction would make such pollution , for example , in the Baltic Sea . 
the South Stream project only would increase the EU &apos;s dependence on one source . 
all of the comments of the accuracy shall be checked . 
that is why we have been looking for small-scale instrument with which the European Union could lead to implement policies in developing countries , which are not strictly speaking of the fight against poverty below . 
thank you . 
last but not least the important thing I would like to remind the Commission of July at the time of the trialogues commitments for the new Member States , namely to ensure a sufficient number of jobs . 
so what we see this year ? 
the most important thing would be counterproductive on matters relating to the holding of referendums , with the results of the referendums should be respected . 
for the interests of seisjatena must try to ensure that the EU does not create the impression of the legislative confusion . 
people are looking for work , companies are looking for the markets , consumers are looking for certainty , Greece is looking for stability and the search for its role in the world . 
on this basis , the promotion of the sales is more important than stockpiling . 
we must be more facts and not fiktsiooni , and we certainly need to be based on facts available to them . 
particularly of concern is the rural areas , where consumers are suffering . these regions commercially too elujõuetuteks mentioned , to be allocated appropriate lairibaline katvusala . 
in writing . - ( PL ) European Parliament resolution on Belarus kaasesitajana I would like to draw the attention of democracy , respect for human rights and , in general , the situation of the people of Belarus . 
to this end use of existing financial resources . 
have emerged new international organisations and forums - for example , may be introduced in the G20 , the G8 summit diplomacy , in the case of the G7 , etc . - and is based on the proposals to reform the traditional international organisations . 
I call on all parties to address this issue right now quickly come together to overcome at the end of the day , this unfair the digital divide . 
it is my unbridled human rights , political freedoms and the rule of law the breach of the rights of the lost all democratic legitimacy . 
such penalties , at least in kind of the imposition of penalties of Member States to all drivers would reduce my astonishment , as many transport undertakings or drivers caused discrepancies among the country of origin and in particular the third EU Member State between legislation , where they drive . 
subject : Sri Lanka 
therefore , I will give you a call to mobilise its resources and contacts in order to ensure that this summit would lead to the real achievements . 
I would like to mention one of historical fact , of which you benefit could be . 
I want to draw attention to the difficulties experienced by people in the Kaliningrad region of the Russian Federation . 
none of the EU Member State is not responsible for this . 
( LV ) Mr President , fair trade agricultural sector is one of the most important drivers of economic development in the developing countries . 
this is very important , and I ask this aspect of understanding , because the matter has proved to be part of the population border lükatuks . 
negotiations have been ineffective and so it also remains ; consequently , he shall remain in Paris . 
recently held with the Chinese authorities 30 pupil equivalents Machu at school , who expressed at the beginning of March the second anniversary of the Lhasa events once again for their beliefs and started a peaceful protest . 
it is a fact . 
the Commission agrees that the question of the management of the online rights TV and radio transfers in relation to the deserves careful attention . 
I apologise Barry Madleneri , Eleni Theocharouse and Takis Hadjigeorgiou front , who is also present . 
for example , there was a tactical error decision to send the EULEX peacekeeping force in Kosovo , in order to take over the role that , until recently , complied with UNMIK . 
these rules also making it mandatory to maritime transport seems a good idea , because the European road , rail and inland waterways transport statistics for the collection of data by type of goods is already mandatory . 
in order to verify that really haldusbürokraatiat , national governments , the Commission or the Council machinery here in Brussels and in Strasbourg , we need to create a close cooperation between the European Parliament and national parliaments . 
in my view , is Mr Lehne &apos;s proposal to exempt micro-entities from the annual reports for load , thus reducing administrative bureaucracy , welcome . 
these aspects of the report is not covered by the left and , therefore , I decided to abstain . 
it is directed instead of Christians and rünnatute protection . 
the President of the Council . - Madam President , I consider that the current debate is timely and Mrs Neyts-Uyttebroecki report contains a number of important recommendations . 
in this situation , I just feel that is not the best moment to conclude long-term consequences of an international agreement . 
if I had to face up to all their staff , I would like to say to them : please accept the solution proposed by the Commission . 
the Burmese neighbour crossing the border of Thailand has seen many refugees : some estimates that is the last 25 years fled as many as two million people , and tens of thousands of whom are forbidden to enter , has remained piiriäärsel in no-man &apos;s-land homeless . 
we would have preferred proposed by the Commission and approved by the Committee on the Environment system , which made perfectly clear that , in addition to the directives mentioned in these violations are automatically punishable under criminal law still a whole new series of violations . 
the EIT Knowledge and Innovation Communities innovation network financing is also , in principle , open . 
in my view , is the southern and eastern neighbours but forcing him to face a mistake . 
therefore , it is very important to take their countries on diplomatic measures and to find ways to help them for security and from the point of view of development . 
this language is more than just a semantics : it is our philosophical choice . 
it is my opinion and I will continue to act in accordance with the Council to this call . 
the vote will take place at 11.00 . 
I voted in favour of this report because it deals with sensitive energy efficiency and energy security issues in relation to the climate change agenda . 
approval of Minutes of previous sitting : see Minutes 
the Commission &apos;s proposal does not provide for a common patent valid throughout the territory of the Union , as required by Article 118 and enhanced cooperation is unfavourable consequences for the establishment and the free movement of capital . 
this is an important step , which must be done as quickly as possible . 
it goes without saying that we voted against the report . 
Mr President , in New York when returning to come to you , to discuss the Commission &apos;s equality strategy . 
I voted in favour of Mrs Balzani &apos;s report , which defines the position of the European Parliament in the 2012 budget negotiations . 
if someone was Mr Georgiou speech from the Independence and Democracy , they must be disappointed , because he is not present . 
everything can be anyway , hereinafter referred to as yet to review . 
Mr President , I am grateful to you for the fact that we use this opportunity that is given legal personality , and we join the Strasbourg Convention . 
Tegretol 200 mg , 
I would like the European Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , on behalf of the Group to explain why we abstained on the vote on the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance tabled the amendment regarding the introduction of a tax on the Tobin tax , as in the case . 
one of the five , how can we help , is to promote democracy , the rule of law , the policy of combating terrorism and cooperation with both the whole region and in the country concerned . 
the vote will take place at the end of the debates , in other words , in a minute . 
if we have to deal with many challenges , we will not be able to do so without tegevusulatuseta offered by the Treaty of Lisbon - this is the scope for greater democratisation , namely the European Parliament and the national parliaments in order to strengthen the rights . 
( RO ) Mr President , I understand very well the principle of subsidiarity , but I believe that pensions are no longer a national matter , but today , these are the subject of debate at EU level . 
first of all , I must say that the Commission is data protection in our proposals always stressed . 
52 . 
secondly , the whole of the budgets of history shows that set out in the legislation , the ceilings Gramm-Rudman-Hollingsi law in the United States , the one percentage rule - this is all nonsense . 
in addition , I would like to highlight the protection of freedoms , in the case of the Portuguese Presidency of the efforts made by the expansion of freedom of movement for the new Member States . 
ladies and gentlemen , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance fully supports the resolution of the two points . 
on behalf of the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy Pilar del Castillo Vera , on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing the European Electronic Communications Market Authority - C6-0428 / 2007 - , 
we need tougher to combat illegal immigration at European level to introduce various penalties for the illegal immigrants töölevõtjatele . 
there is no risk of the Member States &apos; constitutions ; it shall be expressed but our desire to more discussions , in particular , in the euro area , but also in Europe . 
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , fishing is , by its nature , the most üleilmastunum profession and , at the same time , an area that globalisation fully affects . 
it also provides for 2008 in the impact assessment , which be preceded by a clear timetable 2009-2012. year on the basis of the action plan . 
Europe must offer international challenges of international solutions . 
it is therefore agri-food sector quality policy in my area of expertise , one of the priorities of one of my main priorities immediately after the common agricultural policy post-2013 reform . 
finally , allow me to express yet our desire that as much as possible the European companies should be from this crisis unscathed . 
we believe that it is an implementing acts , and this question must therefore be regulated by means of implementing act . 
the Council shall examine certainly thoroughly the proposals made in the report . 
I would just like to alert the unlimited freedom in the area for what concerns me , and for dealing with me is entrusted to the European Parliament . 
we must also remember intended for students of Parliament &apos;s report on childcare , since we are talking about the work , but the work begins just kutsekvalifikatsioonist . 
our existing neighbourhood policy is not sufficient . 
we look forward to the Green Paper and its conclusions . 
the Member States can today quite different ways and much more quickly to respond to a number of new models , which are appearing on the market on a daily basis . 
if we do not create a balance between work and private life , then we will not be able to encourage young mothers to professional careers , so that they also get a management position . 
Islam and democracy doesn &apos;t mix . 
piracy and the music and film illegal dissemination via the Internet is an undisputed fact . 
in my country , we have to admit the murders of persons defending human rights . 
it seems that this is keskvasakpoolsete an excuse to attack right-wing , Prime Minister Viktor Orbán a conservative government . 
( PT ) Ladies and gentlemen , I am convinced that the European Union budget for 2010 will help us to overcome the current economic crisis . 
these ceilings , as you know , is not the objectives to be achieved . 
Shirin Ebadi , who has personally hard at the risk of these violations condemned and who won as a result of the Nobel Peace Prize , will continue to do so all ethnic groups and religious communities , . 
on the issue of the transfer of society must be able to be sure that everything will be made legally , transparently and ulterior interests and that , in the guise of the noble medical procedure are not furthered interests other than saving of human life . 
the Council emphasised the importance of innovation , research and development of agricultural production and drew attention to the importance of investment in and outside the EU &apos;s biofuel production and use of the social and environmental impact . 
the price of oil beats new records . 
in addition , the Union is allocated 825 million from the budget for the period 2007-2013 , in order to implement the work of the European Fund for the Integration of Third-country Nationals . 
however , I am surprised that the text , which deplores the inadequate healthcare in developing countries , should cease to be overlooked one of the worst problem , which currently exist : the doctors ärameelitamine from these countries to the richer countries , which is given up their doctors adequate training , considering that they can cut their social protection expenditure . 
subject : Ehitustöö- , for the supply and service contracts in the field of security and defence 
finally , I urge you to vote on behalf of the ALDE honestly say scandalous Amendment against , the aim of which is to eliminate the clean development mechanism to access restrictions and not only to interconnect aviation , but all the sectors of the emissions trading system in the common rakendusprojektide quotas . 
this would create the necessary openness for discussions in Turkey , including the discussion on the past , and this brings me to the issue of the Armenian . 
our efforts should focus in there . 
it is therefore important for cohesion policy to continue to support the less developed regions . 
we have a responsibility to them , because they are the first victims of an unprecedented disaster - the earthquake and the cholera epidemic now . 
if not , then at least we propose binding legislation . 
this should be done in a way that enables the smooth implementation of their rights . 
if the allocated 20 % between the various sectors , such as transport , heating , electricity , production and agriculture , it is clear that electricity production is one of the most important . 
I think that it is important to highlight the important role played by the Belgian Presidency who did what was necessary in order to achieve this difficult compromise Parliament and in particular in certain Member States , whose position was - how I could describe it - in some cases , withdrawn . 
Gay Mitchell spoke very eloquently by the difficulties that arengumaailm experienced by the erosion of biodiversity speaking . 
on 25 May was not chosen at random ; just on this day in 1948 murdered Soviet power of the representatives of the Polish soldiers and ratsaväekapteni Witold Pilecki ; it was a man who voluntarily entered the Auschwitz hävituslaagrisse , in order to organise resistance there . 
this means that , if such a body is established , shall be that of the place of the law , which has its registered seat of cross-border cooperation body . 
we should not now , however , the evil with good to get rid of what some colleagues here in the House would like . 
in particular , prevent the European rules so that the public sector and big companies can twist at the level of the Member States adopted the law . 
it , whether the measures that we are now planning to take , is effective , does not make it before the four to six years . 
physical education is too long been beside the subject , particularly at primary school , which shall be deleted after hours of the first vihmasabina away . 
the same could indeed many of the European Union on the agencies to say , which will double at national level of the work done and promote the European Union without flinching federalist plan . 
if the Czech Republic joined the Schengen Information System , told the citizens of the Czech Republic , so that they can freely within the territory of the EU , including Germany and to move unhindered - such as the Schengen system is intended and guaranteed . 
as I understand , it will be the presidential candidate in Egypt . 
I think that we have achieved much and once again I would like to congratulate Mrs Ferrero-Waldner , who made our delegation of the main job humanitarian field has , where it , what we have achieved , works even today . 
is it not time at this summit out to say that we want to achieve the strategic partnership be regarded as strategic dialogue ? 
we will monitor closely the implementation of the European Arrest Warrant , which , in my opinion , is one of the best instruments that we currently have judicial cooperation in criminal matters , but which undoubtedly needs further improvement . 
today is the most important the fact that President Obama has adopted the decision to close this prison of shame and his decision represents well America and is inherent in American history and the international community . 
otherwise , many people could try to that task to bypass . 
secondly , let me coordination and civil protection , etc subjects to make just three comments . 
I would also like to draw attention to the many border residents , especially to elevate the Polish minority in the deterioration of the situation , because after the Polish accession to the Schengen area is very difficult for them to communicate with their families living in Poland and that , in particular , due to the high visa charges . 
the statement is quite clearly states that if the 2020 objectives will not be achieved , is this to the Commission a serious signal the fact that a Member State has not adopted the measures necessary to achieve the objectives . 
after all , Europe must be to blame for this , what will happen to him . 
( RO ) With decided that the European energy policy objective would be to reduce the EU &apos;s dependence on energy , to ensure the security of supply and price transparency . 
( DE ) Mr President , unfortunately , it is my painful disease I still impeded our international auditooriumiga from speech , as I have done this before , on European issues . 
we cannot accept that is the individual areas , where the equality of opportunity consistently shall not apply . 
- The debate is closed . 
no one knows who they were . 
undoubtedly , as Mr Stevenson has just said , the increase is not reflected in the price , which are asking for farmers ; they accuse the gap between those paid the price and the price paid by the consumer , because of the common agricultural policy , which is based on set-aside encouraging . 
one of the most higher priority was the issue of equal opportunities . 
work in time for the payment of the principle is correct behaviour basis . it is also the main factor , which shows the credibility of the company and its funds available and which depends on access to credit and finance . 
these are the implementing Regulation and Annexes texts . 
the business directory companies are often established in another Member State than their victims , making it difficult in recent national authorities for protection and / or redress the application . 
it is the Commission &apos;s first proposal to mobilise the Fund in 2011 . 
it would be much easier for e-commerce also active in the field of corporate life . 
if we want to fulfil the obligations of the Kyoto Protocol , must also quickly rising as a proportion of GDP of the large countries to build power stations . 
the European Commission also has given its pathetic in favour of it on the eve of the pilot projects , in order to achieve technological innovation , for example , carbon capture and storage . 
after several months of discussions in the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission have finally been reached an agreement . 
indeed , I would like to take this opportunity to remind kareni people who have managed their identity by protecting against for decades to keep . the same emphatic deplore referendum mechanisms , which is involved in the Constitution , which the rulers birmalastele want to establish . 
I was very pleased to hear you say that we need to get closer to its citizens . 
the Justice and Home Affairs Ministers meeting , which will take place in the second half of this month , here are very much benefit . 
the European Union must not be used to the Cambodian Government commitments in submitting a claim for woolly words . 
nevertheless , agreed to the Slovak Republic - the neighbouring the Austrian citizens in the interests of peace and security - of accession to the European Union in the course of the negotiations before the deadline to shut down the reactors at the Jaslovské Bohunice V1 and V2 , which answered the setting of the highest standards . 
I have to say that the Bureau or not Qimonda workers &apos; representatives have not approached the Commission . 
the European Parliament is aware that my colleague Richard Ashworth &apos;s report on simplification of the CAP was here in the European Parliament adopted last May . 
what is the bad be accused of populism , bearing in mind that the Members have populus the Cordis , the voice of the people ? 
yet one fly in the ointment is the lack of coherence of Eurojust , which should have been the focus of attention . 
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) ) 
in most of the issues of the negotiations went well and we agreed with each other about this piece of legislation põhiseisukohtade . 
as long as I will continue , on behalf of the citizens of the monitoring and reporting . 
the European Union is committed to a part of that panustamisele , which needs , of course , also fair to internal burden-sharing agreement . 
- ( ES ) Mr President , in November , it is precisely the eight years since the oil tanker Prestige , on which was 70 000 tonnes of crude oil , ran off the coast of Galicia an accident . 
only the conflict prevention and conflict situations civil action is able to comply with the implementation of UN Security Council resolution 1325 this promise . 
the first sector , which concerns the humanitarian aid ECHO has already allocated EUR 30.5 million in 2007 esmaabimeetmetena refugees and displaced persons to support Chad in different sectors . 
it is today , boss colleague Martin Kastleri initiative , and calls for the retention of the pühapäevade free like days for leisure , to be family and ponder . 
any infrastructure development , which would allow new parties access , is very slow , because of the vertically integrated monopolies are investing mainly in order to strengthen its dominant position , and , at the same time , it is hard to attract a closed market new investors . 
coming back to the question of carbon leakage , it is not only our job retention , employment and competitiveness , but also the environmental question . 
therefore , by applying a strictly the provisions of Rule 147 , is President of the opinion that the amendments which meet all the relevant admissibility criteria set . 
consequently , it is also keskkonnaküsimustel and indicators regions in ensuring the welfare of the central role . 
in view of this , I would like to get a clearer information on how you see the rotating Presidency , the Commission , the European Parliament and the President of the European Council of relations between the structure . 
funds means for the stability of the setbacks and the reduction of risk . 
unfortunately , I have to report that the negotiations were not successful and therefore recommend that the House not to vote today and to leave the vote of this important dossier over the next Parliament , in the event of the Commission in the autumn of this year is expected to submit a new proposal . 
but before , when we come to it , let us assume the importance of services . 
both the interest rates on loans and loans should reduce the requirements of such a definition of moral damage that might arise . 
in addition , even some of those who support PNR data transfer , think that we should today be politically demonstratiivsed and demonstrate to the Council on its hands - in short to punish the Council for arrogance . 
as soon as the problem of air traffic on the agenda of Parliament came up , started to reorganise transport to Strasbourg and , in this regard , I thank you also on behalf of all those who cannot be here today ! 
( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we have now been three and a half years of the various committees of this House discussed the issue of Turkmenistan . 
the objective of the Council with regard to the definition of on-call time is often misunderstood . 
I would like to know what the Presidency is of the view , at the time of the European Council of Ministers , within the limits of the obstacles that prevent progress . 
and I think that EURES could play the role of notifying along two lines : those who wish to enter the labour markets of the other , but also for us all to ourselves and our Member States , in order to make it easier to exercise in practice . 
maybe it around actually thing keerleski , it also resulted from võrdlusmeetodi rejection . 
the EBRD is taken to the crisis in a proactive attitude : supporting our clients in the destination countries , broadening their resources and we intend in 2009 to invest EUR 7 billion - more than 20 % more . 
this is a crisis which concerns both our nations if all Europeans common tsivilisatsiooniideed , which unites Europe . 
to conclude this debate in accordance with Rule 108 ( 5 ) was one of the motion for a resolution . 
for a while , it seemed that it may not take place . 
the expectations of the target is your term of office for the last couple of months or more . 
are there any objections ? 
this would be an excellent opportunity for cooperation in the area of transparency of technology . 
I also hope that all the parties involved in the process have learnt nothing from the principles of better lawmaking . 
the &apos; Blue Card &apos; and circular migration is the first steps in the right direction . 
secondly , we are very pleased about the point that you mentioned in connection with the process of the electronic management , but we think it is a key issue in this , whether service providers are able procedure the various tasks , ultimately , simply and effectively carried out by means of the Internet , and whether they actually find their numerous stays behind the people who can be thing and the requirements of the Member States to talk to , or we create it simply obstacles and barriers . 
Mr President , I would like to add my voice in support of my colleagues across this House , in relation to the treatment of the history of the terrible albinos in Tanzania . 
State of play of the Euromed Free Trade Area project ( vote ) 
the Commission considers that its recent proposal for a Directive is much more appropriate tool to achieve our common goal : to protect children for sex offenders . 
as regards the use of Security Agents on board aircraft , then , each Member State has the right to decide on the Member State concerned registered and authorised the airline over , but their role has been strengthened by certain training and julgestustingimusi provisions concerning the imposition . 
the main focus is two budget line : competitiveness and the environment . 
however , if the Commission had doubts as to the interpretation of the draft recommendation , then he was to substantiate its decision obliged to submit equally robust legal assessment , which kinnitanuks that this car manufacturer may , in accordance with the European Parliament by Regulation ( EC ) No 1049 / 2001 to go to court . 
this has happened again , because the majority of governments fell to believe in fairy tale that global markets can be self-regulating , and could start democratic turukontrolliga . 
on the other hand are questions , which cover only certain industries . 
Europe must be peatunnistajaks to what constitutes the rule of law . 
yes , a lot of bad things happening in Africa . 
we need by a two-thirds majority of the Constitution , because that is the rule , which gives guarantees . 
we hope that they will be adopted by the end of the parliamentary term , and that , in particular , thanks to the commitment of the Presidency of the Czech Republic . 
composition of committees and delegations : see Minutes 
we also support the Elisabeth Jeggle &apos; proposal , which is in favour of 600 million from piimandusfondi creation and the extension of the school milk scheme . 
protection of soil is therefore crucial to the survival of our cultural heritage and natural resources . 
there is no doubt that the increases in the cost of raw materials , due to the constant rise in food prices in the EU is becoming increasingly pressing problem . 
even today still be put to the vote the amendments it constitutes an unacceptable violation of the principle of subsidiarity . 
now it is my opinion received official : the EU &apos;s own monitoring system has not proved to be - as suspected - platseeboks , rahustiks with the critics not within a few years , but rather a few months . 
Mr President , I have the EU one modest advice . 
Mr President , I welcome the adoption of the report in question . 
we believe that we have made considerable progress , and not only in terms of electronic means of communication , which I hope will speed up the process for all citizens , but we here in Parliament , we believe that we have increased during this process , the rights of citizens , so that they now have the chance to get more information , in any case , not less than those who receive it in the interests of its work . 
the adopted amendments to improve somewhat Council proposal . 
now it costs EUR 270 billion tonnes and its production is profitable . 
limited ability of SMEs to access finance is a major impediment to their creation and development , particularly in the current financial and economic crisis . 
the debate is closed . 
let us talk about the European Parliament of the rights of the members of the Commission shall submit to the House : if some proposals for decisions , it is not Parliament &apos;s services or other bodies thing to decide whether the proposals are correct or incorrect . 
this is a rare moment when the legislative or executive gives one part of its powers of citizens . 
( applause ) 
but , as the Commissioner pointed out , is involved in this project 19 Member States . 
unfortunately , these are only empty words , because the constitution are not respected . 
condemn has been an opportunity to impose unilaterally , arbitrarily and without consulting the inter-bank margins , which is indeed superfluous . 
by this I mean that , when the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) has refused to urgent debate in relation to the Ugandan law on homosexuality , and on the other urgent debate on Iran are committed killings , then they want now that we intervene President Ortega for or against him there being a game in the light of the demonstrations . 
in this context , it is essential that Member States actually fulfil its tasks . 
what is still his way . 
in writing . - ( RO ) access to the labour market and promoting the high-quality jobs were the Lisbon strategy for growth and the creation of new jobs and the key priorities of the European Youth Pact . 
it is also clear that we need to discuss quickly on the need to find new resources in the budget of the Union . 
I believe that in this area the harmonisation is important . 
until October Coordination Cell will continue to support the Member States , to try to improve julgeolekutingimusi region . 
a few weeks ago , I sent José Manuel Barroso , on behalf of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for the letter , which I expressed our concern and asked why we have no longer Commissioner for communication strategy . 
however , we abstained quite the stupid in on whether it is more important to conduct the Neighbourhood Policy East or the South . 
it seems that the aim is not to tighten the regulations , but simply the amendment of such a system , which is the collapse of a little less likely . 
the PPE Group recommends that you to develop ambitious proposals here in Parliament , and you can count on our support . 
many are asking whether Rootsi-suurune state can still such a liability to pay the costs . 
on behalf of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection Róża , Gräfin von Thun Und Hohenstein &apos;s report on the Internal Market Scoreboard ( SEC ( 2009 ) / 1007 - , 
we are also proposing to the exact amount of pensions in the budget , and not only the amounts paid , because they are not taken into account in the case of future pension rights . 
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - Mr President , tomorrow Brussels could be moving towards the Irish Prime Minister freely to think about Ireland popansambli U2 over the words : &apos; where it all went wrong ? &apos; 
such measures are necessary in order to limit its extremely toxic raskmetalli pool of further growth . 
from what you said , Mr Lehne , I realised so that caused the crisis the European Social Democrats . 
for this up to 2050 horizon kliimakaitsepoliitikat during the discussion on the floor , I would like to draw your attention to the following points . 
( ES ) Mr President , in this time of crisis , the two types of policies and measures : preventive and stimulate . 
- ( DE ) Mr President , as regards our oceans , the time is running out . 
the compromise that we wanted to reach with the Council , was rejected . 
we need a social development and progress pact , which covers production , in particular in areas such as agriculture and industry , employment , together with the workers &apos; rights and social inclusion , but not to return to the implementation of the Stability Pact to demand , together with the accompanying liberalisation and uusliberaalsete methods , as recommended by the President of the Council . 
temporary &apos; binding &apos; as regards the measures , I would like the Commissioner to us to confirm that they apply to everyone who is tied up for economic reasons within a short period of time and the derogation , that they are available only to the participants in the restructuring plan , shall apply to the widest extent . 
this tugevdate European leadership in global anthropogenic emissions of carbon dioxide in the fight against policy , which is also bodes well in Poznań in December 2008 and in Copenhagen in December 2009 for the international negotiations . 
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of the report . 
in writing . - ( FR ) I voted in favour of the report the dialogue between universities and business , because I think it is very important to develop the link between training and the labour market . 
it therefore seems paradoxical that fewer businesses will decide in favour of rail transport . 
in my opinion , we can dialogue at the initiative to transport . 
on average , was the 25 Member States , for which information is available , in these three areas lack skills of pupils in 2006 22,5 % and for the year 2009 was the percentage decreased 19.6 % . 
policy , according to which support the integration of the Western Balkans into the European perspective and which at that time was agreed , is over later confirmed , as last confirmed that the Council of its at its meeting of 8 December 2008 . 
only makes me wonder , do you remember what happened in the past , in 2000 , launched by the 10 year plan ? 
that is why I believe that we need to work in this area in more specialists and to raise the level of the sympathy of local actors in the project . 
this will allow the application of the management policy . 
we need to appropriately rethink how we do this in the future , so that Parliament can their message previously sent to the Commission . 
it should have been taken into account in the motion for a resolution . 
finally , I would like to mention the external relations . 
I also fear that what may happen to the movement of capital , if a uniform basis of assessment . 
the EU &apos;s objective must therefore be keeping Ukraine &apos;s superimposed on the radar screen . 
in other words , we support the flexible and pragmatic position , which was approved by the Council , and which the European Commission Directive self-employed people should be excluded from the scope of the proposed . 
Mr President , the Socialist Group in the European Parliament wishes to vote in favour of an alternative resolution . 
closure of the sitting 
firstly , they are both recognised the enormous potential of Africa are likely to be more than anyone else , or at least it was recently the case . 
( the sitting was suspended at 19.45 and resumed at 21 ) 
( RO ) Romania as the representative of citizens , I consider it extremely important that the European Parliament is involved in police and judicial cooperation on criminal matters regarding the protection of personal data collected in the decision making . 
corrigendum ( Rule 216 ) : see Minutes 
these were assessed , but they were inadequate . 
a single strategy , in principle , it is not bad , but ... 
we have seen that passengers were left väljapääsmatusse condition of their target sites without accommodation or even the possibility of kojulennu . 
this long-awaited directive on which the European Parliament in the consultations have always been equally complex , is based on Article 13 of the EC Treaty and regulates the protection against discrimination , stressing equal treatment on the basis of all . 
the Hungarian originally intended for Burma benefits redirected to China the isolation of the Burmese military dictatorship a favourable attitude . 
in accordance with Article 168 of the Rules of Procedure wants the ALDE Group to submit a request for referral back to it . 
the strengthening of democracy in this country must be one of the priorities of the Union in its neighbourhood policy . 
we can now do more to talk to the antibiotics and increasing resistance to them , but the problem must be considered and assessed in detail . 
this has resulted in legal lack of clarity , of which I am very sorry . 
in a nutshell , is today Bosnia and Herzegovina need as a matter of urgency to overcome the current political stalemate that seriously to move towards the European Union . 
in those circumstances , we are building up democracy at gunpoint . 
in writing . - UKIP does not believe that the existing international elundivahetusvõimaluste and institutions network of the ECB and to improving the EU &apos;s attempts to interfere in the network and to regulate it . 
such a measure will help to eliminate poverty and allows the elderly to live a dignified life . 
the US financial system in its investment banks , hedge funds and structured products , which are not subject to the ordinary banking supervision , and in particular the numerous financial operations , which is carried out for single via companies , which is not reflected in the balance sheet , is basically collapsed . 
( the President cut off the speaker . ) 
it is very important that a more voluntary partnership agreements , the results will be monitored closely , and that their conditions to be fully human rights of their people who depend on forests , but who cannot be the subject of the management of their forests often say . 
maybe such data throughout the EU decision makers are making it clear that it is necessary to limit the subsidies , which go to one of the farms , so that they would be more useful farms than large companies . 
in some countries , such as Portugal , Greece and Ireland , have , for women as workers , citizens and mothers the negative impact of austerity measures . 
author . - ( DE ) Mr President , anyone who is the African Great Lakes region , can be seen as the crow flies to believe that it is paradise . 
in my opinion , he made the very good point . 
I sincerely our Croatian friends success for the closure of the last few chapters quickly and , in order to be able to vote in the referendum to confirm its willingness to become part of the European Community . 
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I have on this report , a lot of additional , of which the first , as was said a little while ago , concerns the provision , which seems astonishing , at a time when Europe faces the wages guarantee fund problem or millions of workers made redundant . 
why we cannot in relation to the Structural Funds to be more realistic ? 
Member States should ratify and apply the ILO conventions , which bring must currently in force . 
the thing was nüanssides : either hold a neighbouring country of international law and border the condemnation of the violent change constitutes a penalty ? 
the Stop Barroso - choose a green new deal ! &apos; - it is the future of the European Parliament election slogan , which is now more than ever . 
the campaign in the run-up to the voters are asking us immediately , where is the European . 
the bilateral agreements cannot contain elements such as the principle of non-discrimination court provided through the reimbursement of and deletion of data and andmeotsingute ban on profiling and data . 
Mr President , one of my first speeches in this House , 23 years ago at that time , the proposal for a directive on the safety of toys . 
in so doing , and the so-called 2 + 4 process agreements persistence and justice on the assurances given by the Community remained faithful to the values for which it stands . those values are peace , rahvastevaheline understanding and solidarity , especially all the Germans of East and West Germany . 
more than ever we need to avoid creating divides between the Member States - we need to avoid the classification of the Member States into old and new , large and small . 
it is cheaper than a private action , because consumers will be compensated for the damage suffered much more quickly . 
we know that it creates jobs and increased competitiveness . 
Mr President , I voted in favour of this report , because I believe that , at this time , we will have to seek innovative financing mechanisms . 
we must be very careful , replacing the weak , but a very competitive industry cartel , which is based on the turujagamisel and price determination , as in this case , it is the end of what we are trying to save , even worse off . 
this report promotes the free movement of researchers Member States , public and private , companies , research centres and universities ; between national and private greater coherence in the field of research , science full orjastamist market by temporary tehnoloogiavajaduste and researchers orienteerumist industrial research , recognising the previous experience korporatsiooniteadlasena if formal qualifications . 
the next item is the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , Mr Csibi drawn up the report on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council Directive on the establishment of a framework for the Eco-design of energy-using products ( recast ) — C6-0277 / 2008 - . 
in addition , there is no mention of the resolution of workers , trade unionists and vasakpooleste forces and also the suppression of the Kurdish minority in Turkey . 
although I acknowledge that the Member States must be to oblige the automotive sector finance research and development in this area , I am of the opinion that the industry itself should make allocations and demonstrate the additional obligation to reduce the effects of climate change . 
I believe that the relevant rules should be officials supervising , how they should ensure both the sound financial management and good administration . 
where is the rest of 60 % ? 
to combat illegal immigration we certainly need close cooperation . 
fisheries agreements with third countries , in particular , on EU pelagic fleet is of strategic importance , not only for the preservation of the fleet itself . 
why ? 
in 2006 , the Ombudsman carried out of a total of 5 582 investigation , which 315 were already underway in 2005 and nine started the Ombudsman on its own initiative . 
among those who are responsible for the delay and who are the promoters of this approach , which is the European set an extremely precarious situations and which is why Europe is now in recession , proclaim you too , Mr Barroso , your and the majority of your Commission . 
in writing . - UKIP voted against Amendments 1-29 with the aim of restoring the Commission &apos;s original plan to exclude self-employed drivers are excluded from the scope of the directive . 
due to the dominance of the USA films , which is occupied by a huge market , must the European film on the world market in competition with the hard work to do , despite the fact that the quality of the US pisarakiskujatest and kassahittidest much better . 
the Commission &apos;s aim is to give a world-class equal opportunities in our fisheries sector , but also in other countries kalandussektoritele , which produce the products that we import . 
I therefore support the amendment tabled by Eva Lichtenberger 38 , which the Commission &apos;s text strengthens certain aspects . 
we have kept the same position , awaiting significantly greater transparency . 
at the same time , I have already mentioned , the Commission considers that it is here where it can be improved , and what we want to Liechtenstein and with other countries to achieve , is absolutely clear . 
( RO ) This report refers only to the environmental issues , but it cannot and or only to refer to the environmental issues . 
as regards our Council Regulation annexed to the proposal of amendments , we must all remember that discussions in the Council were very live . 
the new Member States , including the Polish citizens continued in is particularly unacceptable , and not only of the European Union regarding the tsiviilteenistusega . 
it is easy to imagine that it is accompanied by a large chaos and disarray . 
however , we are trying to give all the word , until the President arrives , he is gone for a few moments out and I am replacing him here on the spur of the moment . 
I would like to know whether the Slovenian citizens , as well as persons living in smaller Member States , can now appropriate assistance , when they return to France towards the consulates in these countries . 
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection . - ( PL ) Madam President , we have the report under discussion today is now on the Posting of Workers Directive made to collective agreements challenge . 
we should certainly remain positive view of how , in this case , the Turkish authorities have addressed the freedom of religion , women &apos;s rights , trade union rights , the reform of the justice system , radio and television legislation relating to the review and civilian and military relations issues . 
our wish is for the Commission to make a proposal grants a regressive reduction kõrvaleheitmiseks and to tackle the issue of direct payments radikaalsemalt . 
I particularly welcome the intention to carry out a major reform of the Canadian fisheries management system , which also includes the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organisation . 
the question is not whether dialogue with Hamas is considered , but in the way it is considered , and under what conditions . 
whether it is proposed to create a central place a permanent koordinatsiooniüksus , which will help to coordinate the activities of cross-border , affecting the whole of the Union in the case of natural disasters ? 
I agree with one Namibia politician that , in addition to the traditional diseases that Africa has to grapple with - such as malaria , tuberculosis and AIDS - is currently the most dangerous disease , which must be the most as a matter of urgency to combat , mugabeism . 
your job is to coordinate the Member States in the areas where the European Commission and the Union has no jurisdiction . 
therefore , I have as a member of this Parliament the right to vote in favour of this report . 
flag States compliance with the requirements of the directive was an attempt to extend the EU &apos;s competence in the area where the already existing UN regulations . 
the true face of this practice will be clear that it contains manifest inconsistencies , which are more important because of the alleged use of the protection of human rights , to intervene in countries where it is in their own interests , and the allies , particularly in the United States of America puhtakspesemine and support . 
the United States of America on Airbus the fault of the governments of the EU Member States from large payments and benefits of the use of soft loans . 
therefore , we are making efforts to improve them . 
some are exempt from office , others have left the country . 
we also need to ensure that the Member States to show more common responsibility in the Stability and Growth Pact advantages as well as its obligations , in the light . 
Europeana should be improved by ensuring the availability of secondary schools , universities and other educational institutions for pupils , students and teachers access free of charge . 
you have sent out in recent days käskjalgu message &quot; moi , J &apos;ai la Majorité , I have the support of the majority &apos; . 
in recent days , the decisions which prompt us ülikarmistamise fiscal policy and its direction , that the Commission will essentially tribunaliks in doing this , is contrary to every single one social project . 
therefore , I congratulate Mrs Jäättteenmäkit an appropriate balance between these two requirements for the creation and balanced solutions in the case of supply , which will strengthen the role of the Ombudsman &apos;s if the moral authority of the efficiency and improve the transparency of the Community institutions , every European citizen &apos;s right to sound governance and good administration . 
as regards the creation of a new website of the Communities and the creation of a local televisioonijaamadega , I would like to say that the Commission is creating a radio and televisioonioperaatorite networks , which carry over programmes on European issues . 
most importantly , I think it is very important to see that can be translated into concrete results from the point of view of the Cancún &apos; . 
these are different tootmishuvisid to take into account the interests of the Community and they can be interpreted in different ways . 
lastly , of course , I would like to thank warmly all the shadow rapporteurs for their comments and assistance in the preparation of the report . 
for the Commission , the amendments acceptable 3 , 12 , 14 , 18 , 20 , 23 , 38 , 44 , 45 , 46 , 48 , 49 , 50 , 63 , 64 , 65 , 66 , 67 , 68 , 72 and 73 . 
our industry cannot and must not fall victim to a strong European currency . 
this work is done in private households , but also the child care and elderly care institutions , it includes the Europe 2020 strategy , it accounts for between 5 % and 9 % of all employment in the EU and its share of the increase in an increasingly . 
on behalf of the GUE / NGL Group . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I appreciated the very quickly the willingness of the Commission and the Council to reach an interinstitutional political agreement on these new transfers , in the light of what we are experiencing over the next few months . 
the debate closed . 
the airlines speak the same . 
the aim is to make the global banaaniturg more predictable and stable , and thus to encourage investment and growth in the sector and to put an end to decades of conflict , which resulted from the complaints against the EU in connection with the amendment of the customs duties applicable to bananas in 2006 . 
in the case of the success of the strategy will be achieved by specific measures , through which the EU communicates the numerous local organisations ; by means of which combines region physically the rest of the continent , where the Danube is vitally important ; and by means of which strengthens the instruments of the neighbourhood policy towards the region of the Black Sea , as recommended in the amendments tabled by my Group . 
maybe he thought he part of the people that Parliament would be accommodating after the elections in June , or that the Parliament &apos;s demands of openness and transparency in the election was rather than the actual hoiakumuutuse flavor . 
valitsusevälised organisations are submitted complaints of illegal and classified on the creation of databases relating to racial and ethnic origin in order to maintain the personal data , and has said that they turn to the relevant authorities of the half . 
commercial considerations was set as a priority . 
among other things we need to discuss another budget review ( i.e. flexibility over . 
11 . 
I have to say that this visit will take place under favourable circumstances . 
I repeat : this is an intergovernmental mechanism , which was conceived in the Ecofin and which requires unanimity . 
the last question was the Kyoto Protocol and on the continuation of the Kyoto Protocol . 
therefore , I urge the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina to implement reforms consistently and transparently , in order to ensure the rapid integration with the EU . 
this is another example of how EU politicians and officials escalate into any matter and every elected to the details of its eagerness to concentrate here political forces . 
why has made the European Union criminal safe activities , which is linked to over 20 million Europeans ? 
I believe that , do the right conclusions . 
if these things happen , they allow us to take note of the national and Community cohesion , which can only hope to feed the general solidarity and to peace , including the inner peace , which we have in Europe . 
in writing . - ( RO ) I would like to refer to some points of the Common Foreign and Security Policy ( CFSP ) 2008 on the main aspects and basic choices of the report on the Western Balkans subchapters . 
the rights of citizens and parliaments will be strengthened , it also strengthens the European Union institutions and the capacity to act , and for us , the three institutions , shall be granted rights , which will make for us , our continent representation in the world easier . 
as I said earlier , this includes everything from the medicines , autoosadest and firmatoodetest to the illegal allalaadimiseni . 
however , with regard to Ireland and the country level of investment , then I am quite optimistic . 
the Legal Service of the Commission analysis , it does not make a decision not substantially progress in this area or infringement proceedings estimates . 
in order to the neighbouring countries of the EU and the Caucasus countries can build the principles of the rule of law and a functioning market economy which meets the democratic society , must be able to smoothly adapt to their citizens of the EU at the same time , in order to benefit from our experience in this area . 
in my view , it is extremely promising that the Ombudsman works on so many different levels : it is not just handling complaints , which is the main part of his work , but also in the way resolutsioonideni or solutions will . 
Michail Tremopoulos report will complement the Commission communication on the European transparency initiative , which lays down the proposals of the beneficiaries of the disclosure of data and of the common management and partnership on the promotion of transparency . 
the Member States - and many of the Member States already comply with the Strasbourg court orders - there is unlikely to be any additional costs in addition to those which they already bear in this area . 
we call for the Burmese authorities to the immediate release of Aung San Suu Kyi , the protesters rahulejätmist and a representative of a countrywide the convening of a convention , which would include the National League for Democracy . 
I agree that firearms , their parts and ammunition the illegal manufacture and sale adversely affect security of all inhabitants of the EU . 
as Mr Feio just said , the text has indeed improved . I think that if the works in the public debate , then we do our work , and citizens may be informed about what is happening in Brussels . 
in the absence of European legislation in the Member States are free to develop their own rules . 
the supervisory authority does not accept this small municipality budget approved without staffing needs a plan , accompanied by a detailed budget . 
explanations of vote 
( SK ) Mr President , on the brink of financial meltdown criticised the safety of financial products hindavaid ebaprofessionaalsete credit rating agencies and their own interest for the ratings . 
European history is to see what horrors on happens , if the press is under control taken and information not allowed to flow freely . 
in writing . - tax fraud and evasion is estimated loss of EUR 200 billion every year - money , which are being kidnapped prosperous world taxpayers and the most deprived kannatavatelt people in developing countries . 
why can &apos;t we do that ? 
Mr President , the Southern and Central America takes barely considerably more and more power autocracy - some kind of neo-caudillismo . 
this dossier requires our common attention , that these improvements could be to introduce further delay . 
the Commission set up the molluscs diseases of the EU kontroll-laboratooriumi supported by every year , financially , to ensure the coordination between the Member States of national laboratories and to provide the Commission with scientific support . 
rapporteur - whom I father &apos;s death , in the case of sympathy - emphasises that the migration of highly qualified for work purposes is not a long-term solution to the economic and demographic challenges , given that economic immigration in general will affect the labour markets of the Member States . 
women &apos;s rights , religious freedom and kriminaalkurjategijate in the field of abuse must be respected throughout the standards laid down in Turkey . Mr President ! 
are all against discrimination . 
the &apos; Youth in Action &apos; programme is a tool that will help to involve our children constructive activities , by means of which they can develop management , the spirit of solidarity and tolerance . 
the same also applies to all EU Member States , although depending on the country specific differences can be observed . 
the European Parliament will of the principle of equal treatment on the basis of the legal and eelarvedokumentidele in terms of access to carry out the same rights as the Council . 
with the standards must be defined in such a way as to preclude any väärtõlgendused . 
so far has not been used for opportunities to define the tasks and , in particular , is very important to it soon to come back . 
might still be argued that the current time is the European symbols thinking too uncertain and caught up in the crisis , which is why the European Parliament should not currently symbols of time to spend . 
and thirdly , Croatia must urgently improve PHARE- and IPA-programmide of EU financial aid element of management . 
the industry is not conceivable the future , if we do not believe the scientific and technical development . 
the aim of the Convention is to implement the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child Article 21 , creating safeguards to ensure that the issue of inter-country adoptions will take place in the best interests of the child , and the child with respect for fundamental rights . 
support its position publicly , President of the Commission ! 
given , however , only seven tuunipüügilitsentsi . 
despite the declining situation , especially in Egypt and Israel , and the fact that we need to such values on the basis of the EU &apos;s foreign policy , is mysteriously difficult to find the proposals of the Commission references to human rights . 
the Member States should recognise and support the need for a balanced massimeediaturu , as well as they should both separately and together to make a commitment to ensure that European citizens the opportunity to obtain accurate and diverse information . 
the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs who participated in the meeting by a representative of the Commission announced on 19 April , the Commission is preparing for the purposes of this Regulation the improvement of the review . 
Prime Minister Erdoğan has pledged that 2008 is the year of reforms , and we insist that he would be happy to honour its commitment should . 
much more balanced and läbikaalutum solution would be given to the people of Kosovo , however , by the end of the opportunity to enjoy the fruits of being a member of the European Union . 
firstly , it decided that the &apos; equal pay &apos; means equal pension rights , equal leave , etc . 
the first of the difference is that test a new cooperation between the Bureau and the Committee on Budgets ; we are dealing with this as a pilot project , but it should be in accordance with the budgetary procedure of general binding principles , which will come into force after the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon . 
however , I had to vote against today . 
there not been done democracy , only a small group of people , whose experience from the old neither part of the state apparatus nor julgeolekujõududest . 
fifthly : scientific efforts benefiting from requires effective management and protection of intellectual property , but also the effective dissemination of scientific and technological innovation . 
in the period 2007-2013 Põhja-Iirimaasse invested a total of just over EUR 1.2 billion . 
in this context , we support these reports and the budgetary frameworks of the economic governance package on the macroeconomic component . 
what is good for Europe , is a good also to all the Member States and their citizens . 
we have heard today , the chairman of the statement of the European Parliament and of my knowledge of Parliament supported him of all the parties . 
we will not help them , but we have fulfilled our duty , which it was . 
the sea is important sea regulates the trade routes , climate , gives food , energy and other resources . in the 21st century is becoming the identity of the sea . 
I am still concerned about the question whether our businesses can also really access to the Indian market . 
if we want to find a good solution , then we must now allow itself to draw a common sense and situation , which is constantly evolving and majandusprognoosides certainly is getting worse . 
this report on 2 and 4 the amendment would require from the Commission in relation to the evaluation of the new joint and several liability with the functioning of the cross-border provision . 
therefore , we propose , in the case of the seat of the discharge to be postponed . 
over the last 14 years for this support is paid at a very early stage , as soon as the documents are submitted to the Commission or Ireland põllumajandusministeeriumile . 
economic , social and political interdependence should encourage the authorities of both countries to develop a continuous dialogue and cooperation . 
sõelumisprotsess was completed a year later , in October 2006 and all 33 on is submitted to the Council . 
the current European Union budget is still too rigid ; its recent examples are the food aid facility and the negotiations on the European Economic Recovery Plan , particularly given the environment . 
we hope that the Minsk Group &apos;s most recent proposals will help them to bridge gaps . 
today the United States strongly supported by the entire free world that the world can be free of terrorism . 
other colleagues in the payments or the passenger transport . 
I voted in favour of this own-initiative report because I believe that any violence should apply to the social and legal penalties . 
the European security would be essential to launch in November 2003 agreed cooperation in the field of crisis management , in particular frozen conflicts . 
the Member States - such as France and also some other - who hold in the area of the temporary measures against the Bulgarians and Romanians for access to their markets , in particular the Roma and must punish these measures as quickly as possible to remove the political as a sign of good faith . 
I also support the proposal to work within the framework of the recovery plans to overcome the economic and financial crisis out measures aimed at young people , and to ensure better integration of young people into the labour market . 
this directive will simplify the legislation , replacing a number of old directives , and also there are particles permitted levels in the air . 
in that case , need not rates constantly change and , in particular , in view of the fact that , now that the Treaty of Lisbon has become unstable , we do not know for sure , what will be the next in 2009 , the number of Members of this Parliament and whether we can this article amended again . 
this represents a serious threat to the environment and human health . 
the abolition of agricultural land for the production of biofuels is food prices in the world already doubled , so that millions of people are starving , at the same time as greedy corporations make even greater profits . 
I am President Barroso agree that the expenditure must be kept under control . 
can the Commission say whether and how it intends to the Member States to take swift and effective measures to ensure that high-speed internet access market access for all citizens , which in the current context of the large differences in prices is by no means guaranteed ? 
introduction of this type of agreement with the countries and regions of the world , the EU is trying to gradually to promote the liberalisation of international trade , while continuing negotiations within the WTO . 
it is this mechanism will contribute to the emergence of spekulatsioonimullide . 
Madam Vice-President , in the Lisbon Treaty provision on the Citizens &apos; Initiative is undoubtedly an important symbol of European integration . 
we know that , in addition to new technologies on the reform of the changes with regard to the maximum transpordiajaga , as has been said here , and the transport of animals of maximum and minimum temperatures . 
we can control emissions , but these factors not . 
we stand on the edge of a precipice , and a few days after the make , Heads of State and Government proposed that we take a big step forward . 
five hargmaist companies control more than 80 % of all internationally traded bananas . 
is it possible to reach an agreement on the safeguard clauses for the protection of mothers and the reconciliation of work and family life in the private sector ? 
it is true that this threat is one of your exercised by the mass immigration policy , which you want to further tighten up , the consequences . 
- Report : Reynaud 
the same also applies to relations with China , in particular , because today is 10 March , i.e. the date when , in 1959 was pushed ruthlessly famous Tibetan uprising against the occupation of the country by the People &apos;s Republic of China . 
the report is characterised by , in particular , in that it sets out clearly the role of traditional energy sources , stresses the need for more and more efficient use of new technologies , in order to achieve the objective of the European Union &apos;s energy security in line with the objectives of sustainable development and the fight against climate change . 
together with the United States of America , the European Union and NATO military forces in Afghanistan belonging to the German troops occupying the deadly attacks Kondozi in the region of 4 September 2009 turned out for the slaughter , which amounts to the number of victims of 135 killed and dozens injured tsiviilelanikeni , among whom was also a lot of children . they are war crimes against the people of Afghanistan . 
you know , Mr Weber CSUst , I , of course , I have listened to your arguments , but I really have to say that , for God &apos;s sake , these are ürgvanad . 
I wonder , what have you done with my colleagues from other countries , such as the ICAO level that such a list could be a reality . 
the Council intends to carefully examine all Parliament &apos;s opinions that legislative proposals by the end of the review and under the ordinary legislative procedure to be adopted . 
I am convinced that the best way to address the problem of the NPT would have to abandon aatomienergiast definitively , because its use for civilian constitutes a separate risk , and also cannot be sufficiently firmly ruled out that the production of nuclear energy for civilian technology will not be used for military purposes . 
now we can be sure that easily accessible cheap money does not track stable growth . 
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution by the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and the European Conservatives and Reformists on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement tabled on , which is known under the name of ACTA . 
unlike Parliament did not seem to Member States which focuses on the Commission proposals for monitoring compliance with the rules relating to the financing instrument for development cooperation . 
I cannot imagine a situation where sheep are mägistelt maastikelt completely disappeared : they simply is part of the landscape . 
having said that , I believe that , Jean-Pierre Audy and Mrs Carvalho matters covered - which will focus on the other speeches - is all worth mentioning . 
emphasis should be placed on the public sector of decentralisation and the expansion of transport networks . 
if the EU body confirms that they do nothing , it is easy to believe that their true intentions are . 
although the impact of the financial crisis on the assessment is still difficult , as Mr Romeva i Rueda confirmed , it is for all of us perfectly clear that , during this period was exceptionally severe impact on women . 
written statements ( Rule 149 ) 
all of these groups and the parts of the Iranian society form , turn to dialogue and looking for help Europe and towards the European Union . 
we know very well that the application of these rights is a prerequisite for obtaining a Member State of the European Union . 
the Convention is also other conventions of this sector , in particular those concerning the minimum age of fishermen , medical examination , fishermen and members of the Statute kalalaevapere housing conditions . 
we have already been working together , for example in the availability of helicopters , and we are now defined ehitusblokid homemade remnants of war and medical support . 
this was caused by complex rules and regulations , which the Member States must adhere to . 
( PL ) Mr President , it is good that today &apos;s debate on the evaluation of the Schengen acquis takes place at the same time , if the European Union and the European Parliament are just getting bigger the debate on the Stockholm Programme . 
in writing . - ( PT ) This report is on the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council on the implementation of certain rules of officially supported by export credit establishments in employment . 
in other words , this means more jobs , but also the shadow economy addressing issues . 
his regime is responsible for the deaths of thousands of innocent civilians . 
I believe that the recently established European External Action Service must react to this situation and to step up cooperation with third countries who are related to the resolution of this situation . 
Commission buildings and services , we should make use of renewable energy sources as much as possible , because mainly comes from the Commission &apos;s emissions of buildings . 
such a balanced laws will help us to achieve the approval of the citizens of the European Union . 
in writing . - I voted in favour . 
the demographic crisis scary ghost should mobilise us to take immediate action to improve the situation of women of our continent . 
the agricultural sector is decreasing , particularly in the new Member States . 
most of the collection of the relevant data will not impose any additional burden on respondents , as the Member States concerned should be possible in the drawing up of the data using already existing data sources ( such as customs documents ) . 
it is the women &apos;s rights and gender equality , on behalf of the Commission , under Rule 115 ( 5 ) of the motion for a resolution . 
the free determination of prices is the foundation of freedom and democracy , and all attempts to limit it will lead to totalitarismini . 
you can talk briefly . 
we only have to think of illegal logging and deforestation harmful effects , especially about how they will contribute to kasvuhoonenähtusele . 
women are still , unfortunately , at a disadvantage which , apart from anything else , is publicly to see their access to positions of responsibility , lack of which shall be adopted political or economic decisions . 
in this context , it is worth recalling the Council repeated confirmation that , in accordance with the negotiating framework and ühinemispartnerlusele efforts must continue to be good neighbourly relations , in particular , for the work must be done to find solutions with the neighbouring countries of the bilateral issues , in particular border issues . 
the European Court of Auditors is 8 , 9 and 10 . the European Development Fund carefully examined the financial management , not only in its annual report , but also the very many reports , and made a really good and valuable comments . 
until the broader solutions is achieved , it is important that we can rely on their specific agreements , if we are to be implemented together in the same theatre . 
it seems that , yes . 
this substance but represents the whole group , composed of approximately a hundred other substances . 
sacred cows must be to sacrifice , including those revolving around longer and heavier lorries , or , for example , sõidukeeldude abundance of the European Union , cabotage sacred cows and so on and so on . 
in addition , the Directive provides for a system of a single residence and work on simplified funding . 
the Arctic also represents a unique opportunity for transnational cooperation . 
we have enough information exchange with Russia spetsialiseerumisvaldkondades . 
nine of the European Union on 1 May 2004 united country were lost for the 21st December of border control . 
then appear again rapidly arena these demons of 20th century , who our continent misery and misery brought . 
Krediidilaenude advertising : if the credit in advertising is number , it is obligatory to provide important information containing the same tüüpnimekiri on the whole of the European Union . 
I also regret that the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia was not invited membership of NATO . 
it also taken of this regulation , inter alia , introduce the pet passport for cats , dogs and ferrets movement from one Member State to another . 
some of the Baltic Sea region countries roads are climatic conditions and sometimes also due to the weak policies in pretty bad shape . 
look , here is one of the paradox . 
this is also one of the reasons why we need now to establish the particularly strict security . 
rapporteur . - Mr President . in this report is part of the Company Law lihtsustamispaketist . 
this is totally neglected questions , which most affect ordinary people in the Czech Republic and in Europe . 
chapters will start to run out for Turkey &apos;s accession process and threatens to shut down . 
Ekspordikontrollil has a major impact on the EU &apos;s trade policy . 
at the same time , I drew the French and the European Union to the attention of the competent authorities as well that the criteria under which Member States allocate grants , is not sufficiently transparent . 
we should him for this particular thanks to publish . 
we are trying to achieve intelligent compromise . 
on the Treaty of Rome , he wrote that he did not ask ourselves whether the agreement would have been better , because it responded to everything that was at that time possible and answered the experience . 
the Spanish Government and the Junta de Andalucía hõlbustasid action of the European Maritime Safety Agency and CleanSeaNeti services , who have contributed to the Spanish authorities 11 satellite and two of the evaluation report of the case , and Mr Barrot mentioned just now the Commission &apos;s response - so I will not repeat it . 
it therefore seems to additional sanctions perspective inevitable or even desirable . 
we would prefer a separate legislation in this area , so that we can help people with rare diseases an optimal way possible . 
( DE ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the protection of seafarers is all our sincere concern , but I would , however , freedom to ask how we ensure that we can make the most of it . 
this requires a multidimensional approach , including actions for employment , which would allow parents to find work , maksusoodustussüsteemide the development and the provision of basic services such as housing , quality childcare and education , and the protection of children &apos;s rights . 
the question is ausates European elections in the country and it cannot be a party political issue . 
however , we must acknowledge that the European Parliament is left to do important work , because it is the issues which solutions are outlined in the Dess report but , in general , because the Members &apos; opinions of the relevant problem solving went on leave or were almost exactly the opposite . 
Mr President , in my opinion , the freedom of the press in the country can be properly assessed only every aspect of this issue in the light . 
that the maximum reklaamiaeg is 20 % per hour , has two commercial time between now 30 minutes , although we wanted to maintain the European for screens 45 minutes . 
7 . 
given the importance of access to raw materials , welcomes the Commission discussing this issue in Parliament . 
( loud applause ) 
in fact , it is for the Member States and regions , which are not producing surpluses have to bear the burden of the large unfairly due to this reform . 
on behalf of the EFD Group . - Mr President , I would like to thank Mrs Merkies all for his efforts and for his spirit of cooperation between the groups at the time when the report was negotiated . 
the European Qualifications Framework should address the relation repealed by Decision connected to the restrictions , focusing on increasing the transparency of qualifications and taking on cooperation in a decentralised approach , which reflects the growing complexity of the European Qualifications Framework . 
however , many people are still missing . 
it is really good that we have the rapporteur , who can listen - this show his visits to the Member States and it also show the final results of the report . 
the &apos; Europe for Citizens &apos; programme in recent years has been an important step towards the difficult task to bring Europe closer to its citizens : in the past , Europe has been too often distant , bureaucratic entity , which is the citizens &apos; daily lives off . 
finally , I would also like to emphasise how important it is full transparency initiative and the basis for the organisers of financial support to the sources . 
the proposed trading system should apply to all flights , including third-country flights to , competition for reasons relating to the common algusajast from . 
we want the European only by to help to ensure that it acts at reasonable on the basis of common rules , if the municipality , town or regional entity it deems reasonable . 
the rationale is that time in the ripening programmes . 
the Environment Committee also wants to see sustainable biogas certification . 
work on the directive on violence against women continues , but at the same time , it is in the EU countries , including Poland , which is given to women , to the detriment of the use of legally approved violence , sexual and reproductive health . 
in my view , is not such statements does not fair and appropriate . 
however , as the report is adopted , I managed to push through the shortening of the duration of the trade preferences to one year from the date of their entry into force of the measures . 
we do not threaten to do this , but this choice is available . 
equality should be to achieve the ideal of specific and sustainable measures , particularly in the field of education . 
texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes 
partly in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and partly in the Committee on Budgets , acting as a Member who is as two face Janus , I would like to talk a bit more specifically , Mrs Guy-Quint &apos;s report on a new budgetary system and the impact of the Lisbon Treaty to the new system . 
( FR ) Mr President , President Barroso and President Van Rompuy , first of all , I would like to say that the 2020 strategy objectives are all agree . 
ladies and gentlemen , during its poliitikukarjääri have often thought about that the monitoring of impact are often as important as the impact . 
for example , for transport fuel prices rose by an average of 12,7 % , while the average inflation rose 3.6 % . 
secondly , I would like to say the least , but from a position of representing all political forces that threaten the traditional organisations - which also Martin Schulz was prepared to concede and for which I am grateful to him - , to call on our Parliament and you , Mr President , to act mõõdukamalt and set the limits of the powers of our certain volunteers . 
in that case , should the President of the Council to take account of the legitimate interests of each Member State . 
the Commission will continue to put pressure on the Italian Government to end the crisis and will not end the proceedings against Italy . 
opening of the sitting 
low value , the failure to pay agricultural subsidies and difficulties in obtaining agricultural loans did not allow põllumajandustehnoloogiate kasutusele-võttu , which is why the yield per hectare was very small . 
this aid is necessary for the unemployed and victims of relocations due to globalisation to help workers . 
we , the European Union is useful if Kosovo will be a viable state . 
do we want and we will be able to act ? 
Ms De Vits report - and I would like to congratulate her and the work between the shadow rapporteurs - is an important step in granting the contribution to this debate . 
the Commission and the members of the Council , it would be very good if , tomorrow at the Spring European Council session in principle binding finally be agreed . 
although it is regrettable that 14 Member States , were to be reasoned opinions , makes me at least pleased that the Commission initiates infringement proceedings vigorously , because in the present time , we have the full gap between the requirements of the acquis and , in fact . 
( FR ) Madam President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , first of all I would like to Philip Bushill-Matthews , which the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs as a message in the trialogue negotiations gave us a great lesson about democracy . 
the most important deficit in this area was controlled ammunition sunk tens of warships , together with the Gulf of Finland August 1941 in naval warfare , which took place in recognition of the fact only Russian duumasaadiku Andrei Klimovi by ten days ago . 
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance under Rule 150 . 
it is our political programme for 2008 . 
the content of the Charter has not changed since 2004 . 
on the subject of human rights : the numerous and often the brutal executions in Iran is an issue in a continuous us . 
if the Court agrees with this outcome ? 
in particular , it will lead to more extensive use of the legal procedures , which concerns about 95 % of the legislation of that are adopted . 
it would be a fatal mistake - which are some of the energy policy for the decision made - to give real investing , i.e. businesses too little room for manoeuvre and too little support . 
if the proposal had gone through , REACH would not have enriched the GHS . 
I also observed that the aim is rather tubakasvatamine , not smoking . 
finally , the environmental policy of the important as a tool should make use of interregional cooperation . 
what does the Commission intend to do about this ? 
these values are demanding urge that we protect them through the common foreign and security policy . 
so far , certain indicators and the Maastricht Treaty - now the Lisbon Treaty - the fulfilment of the criteria rate shown that this objective is possible . 
the crisis in the dairy sector has clearly shown that the common organisation of the market in milk still requires resources , especially kvoodimehhanisme , to address issues of market imbalances . 
the Ombudsman has not , cannot be or will soon be just the embodiment of the EU for democracy . 
in terms of budgetary and financial responsibility is at least as important to define the budgetary principles and financial rules and follow them . 
nuclear power plants are produced over 30 % of Europe &apos;s electricity and nuclear energy is advantages , which cannot be denied , no matter what political views we have . 
I voted in favour of this report , because it is the guidelines to improve the education of young people and to reduce unemployment . 
in fact , the definition of family law is not our work , it is one of the competences of the Member States . 
the new name is &apos; the financing instrument for cooperation with the Middle East , Asia , North and South America and with the countries of South Africa &apos; . 
as regards self-regulation can do a great deal , but obviously cannot without weighty binding legal instruments to combat ekspluateerimisjuhtudega behind which is not only individuals , but often also criminal organisations . 
inequalities effects can be seen very clearly , when comparing countries , between which is the most significant differences in , such as the Eastern and Western European countries . 
which moreover - and this is something which is not taken into account — , must be during this transitional period to introduce strict conditions on the payment of dividends and bonuses . 
we are the guardians of the Treaty and ensure that the spelling of the contract are observed . 
this is the subject of the resolution on the cannot focus on the question of nuclear safety without that would be the most important instrument of nuclear safety , which is abandoning nuclear power . 
on behalf of the IND / DEM Group . - ( DA ) Madam President , I would like to thank the Committee on Legal Affairs and the rapporteur for the report on the sound of soft law - an ugly word , which fortunately in Danish does not exist . 
our reports on the earlier time . 
poverty and the European Union . 
if necessary , they should offer to the risk of insolvency kapitalituge financial institutions . 
in the case of distortions we may have different opinions - if they are there . 
in February declared the United Kingdom issued its national dementia strategy to combat , which gives the investment mälukliinikute network , will improve the condition of support to people suffering and launches a public awareness raising suurkampaaniaid . 
this is a sign of both the failure and the tyranny : the failure of the major political , economic and social problems faced ; tyranny over the vulnerable individuals . 
14 . 
it is precisely because of its history Europe must take on this front obligations . 
you are talking about the European Union &apos;s policy on the social impact of measurements . 
the establishment of the requirements of the applicable in the case of the transport of animals , means that we do not protect it , not only of the animals , but , above all , it means people &apos;s safety and health care . 
in my opinion , this information keen väljapigistamine us do not protection . 
on the contrary , account must be taken of the medium and longer term solutions and to assess the reasons why this market is not functioning properly , making it with the best of keeping their sustainable production methods , and not forgetting the consumer of the right to a fair price . 
in writing . - ( DE ) I voted on the labelling of textile names and in favour of the report . 
building on this , inter alia , the summit failed so-called developing countries on the issue of financing adaptation , because those who took obligations , was too little . 
but we understand its usefulness in reducing fragmentation of the research and skills , knowledge and financial resources to a pooling of a critical mass . 
I support the demands made by the Turkish Government in relation to the country &apos;s social policies , the continuation of the reforms to improve the social dialogue in the labour market , and also with regard to the efforts by the increase of women &apos;s rights and gender equality , particularly as regards gender violence . 
we must now start the negotiations on the Treaty of the protection of the Arctic , as was also in relation to the Antarktikaga . 
I therefore welcome the abolition of tollibarjääride over - no matter how temporary it is - and I am sure that this during the transitional period , we can assess the process , proposed by the Commission . 
the GUE / NGL Group cannot in any way to support this Directive . 
part of the critical remarks are difficult to explain to the citizens of the Czech Republic , who have been waiting for years with the US visa waiver programme . 
ladies and gentlemen , the right to asylum is a fundamental human right . 
this Parliament has always condemned the violence and terrorism , and advocated the political solutions . 
how are you going now have a dialogue ? 
but the voters have a right to it . 
do so wants the European Parliament budget closer to the citizens to lead to ? 
that said , I would also like to express clearly that I still have doubts about the provisions of Article 20 . 
therefore , my group and I therefore also support this Directive , because it achieves the European Parliament a decisive step forward , which has a positive impact on the lives of the people of Europe . 
the first of these is the EU bodies and institutions , support for small and medium-sized enterprises , in this case , in the context of the protection against misleading business practices , and the other is to protect competition , preventing the widespread unfair competition , which also includes the misleading and comparative advertising . 
the committees concerned should meet jointly with the aim of exchanging &#91; ... &#93; opinions , and to define more clearly between committees majority and minority . 
( HU ) We have recently observed that public opinion follows this issue with special attention , especially those issues on which we also discuss , this means the opt-out and on-call time . 
we all have the self-evident right to refrain from their workplace free from tobacco smoke , just like lastelgi is self-evident right not to be in the hands of tobacco smoke playgrounds . 
however , it must take place in each Member State Educational and conducive to debate through the activities of that to instil every new generation of an evaluation of the equal value of all people . 
first of all , let us promote the creation of green jobs , let us give opportunities to support more companies that create green jobs and employ young people , whether in agriculture , manufacturing or the Committee on Transport and in the services sector ! 
firstly , I have already said that we need to work in this field in cooperation with other international partners . it is also one of the reasons why the Belarus should continue to respect the principle of multilateralism and why we must act vigorously , together with the Eastern Partnership countries , in order to find a consensus on this issue . 
in this sense , it is a good compromise . 
I think that this debate is important and I admit that is a very important approaches , which should be followed . 
on a coordinated response was a separate issue . 
how can we be sure that these private companies do not act monopoly or oligopoly in order to achieve or does not impose on prices , which is not the consumers , in this case , students , acceptable , and will ultimately also ebakvaliteetset education ? 
in this sense , was the Commission &apos;s recommendation , which lays down minimum requirements for environmental inspections in the Member States , their at the time of the adoption of a major step forward in 2001 . 
( DE ) Mr President , I would like to express my heartfelt sympathy for all those who grieve family members or friends . 
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to offer my heartfelt thanks to the rapporteur , Ms Dagmar Roth-Behrendt , and her two shadow rapporteur , Mrs Frédérique Ries and Mrs Franēoise Grossetźtele their constructive and intensive cooperation , which has helped us to reach consensus at first reading . 
cloned animals are often kehavigadega or sick and most are not born even alive . 
the Lisbon result follows the approach , which I support , but I do not think that will help to change the reasons for the future of Europe . 
the Member States must improve the adequacy of pensions in that the fight against gender discrimination in the labour market , the income gap , above all , the reduction of 10 % by 2020 . 
use us as much as possible , because today are preparing the next to the common foreign and security policy , and the report on what is happening in 2011 extraordinarily dynamic activity gives us the opportunity to its own house in order . 
the vote will take place at the end of the debates . 
the real danger is not to be kept in good condition nuclear reactors , but the wrong under the political control of the nuclear reactors . 
us - Europeans , countries and Parliament - has been asked to help address this problem and from us , ladies and gentlemen , is not to ask for help not only in the last few years , but for a very long time . 
these two bank has been given a large amount of money that it laenudesse placed , and therefore their work must be carried out in accordance with clear criteria and principles . 
Mr Vigenin , could you to answer this question ? 
we must realise , however , that certain measures must be taken and that of our political and economic activity , and the standard of fundamental rights of self-consistency is not balanced . 
this potential is much greater . 
I went to Sri Lanka , however , a delegation . 
we must not forget that here , depending on the attitude of society , may also strong anti-European forces of power to take . 
in the course of this debate Mr Schulz expressed the view that I should inform the European Parliament . 
therefore , the Commission must now respond . 
in addition , I wish to support our , on behalf of the call for the release of imprisoned journalists unconditional and to supplement the Azerbaijani right to properly . 
this is the first time I stand in front of the Members of Parliament as the representative of the Presidency of the Council . the Swedish Presidency , the whole of the Council and also on my own behalf , I would like you , Mr President , to congratulate most sincerely . 
( SL ) Mr President , if the revolution in the streets of Cairo now over , choose the Egyptians political system and its leaders . 
I myself spoke of the need for Europe to meet their obligations , that we could remain credible . 
I believe , however , that the agreement is useful , and we &apos;ll take it tomorrow against without any problems . 
I would like to know whether you believe that the disaster in the Gulf of Mexico in view of the harmonisation and relatively small responsibility ceilings it is these that we need . 
we therefore call on the Member States to participate in this initiative and to give it enough for human and financial resources . 
these include nearly 50 countries , where citizens are suffering the consequences , which is caused by one after the other UN conferences adopted implementing recommendations of successive failures have prompted . 
therefore , the targets set out in the Treaty is undoubtedly important . 
this is the second important reason to support the report . 
the European people deserve no less . 
we call to build a new Europe , a Europe of sovereign states , which establishes special relations with Russia . 
often , things are broken . 
does the European Commission intend this sector policy of Parliament &apos;s resolution of 13 March 2007 in the light of that review , it would be possible to find a global approach that takes into account not only of the users , but also litsentsihoidjate and the interests of the creative industries ? 
if the area shall provide a coherent waste management plan , allows the European Union financial instruments . 
it is also important to ensure rapid implementation of the financing the full transparency and related a strong political will . 
he keeps promising that if he wins a general election , then he is to hold a referendum , when all 27 Member States that have not yet ratified it . 
the resolution gives a very good overview of the dynamic of the situation , which is for the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia full of opportunities . 
therefore , we will organise a demograafianädala , where the participating NGOs and will take place pereküsimustega Ministers of informal meeting . 
( DA ) Mr President , I voted against the report on the budget , but instead I would like to thank the many colleagues - whom it is unfortunately too much - who voted in favour of the report because it gave a wonderful overview of the displacement of reality here in the European Parliament and of the EU institutions , compared to the outside world , where people live , for whom we in fact , these regulations are creating . 
that is why the Environment Committee would have liked that his timetable would be taken into account , since it would enable a thorough debate on this subject and the Parliament &apos;s position . 
firstly , this concerns the content and , secondly , the procedure . I repeat some of the things that all the political groups have already expressed very well . 
in writing . - ( PT ) I am in favour of it , to postpone the decision fixing the EU general budget for the financial year 2008 with the transparency and rigour , not only for the implementation of the budget , but the whole of the EU as regards the monitoring of the use of the financial resources of the whole . 
therefore , if I had to make a choice of its novel foods in the report , it originally chose food safety , the welfare of the consumer , the environment and animal welfare . 
it may grant a concession to users who open new routes in accordance with EC competition law &#91; ... &#93; &#91; ... &#93; ” . 
we are all aware of a gradual decrease of investment products . 
many women continue to be concentrated in a limited choice of the liberal professions around , make a part-time or a low-paying job or jobs like this , where their skills and contributions underestimated . 
we were told that the European Arrest Warrant will help to fight terrorism , and we all know that it has become something more . 
tourism offers significant opportunities for social and economic development , but also for social and territorial cohesion . 
the Commission and the Member States recently this promise to allocate almost EUR 500 million is a major and important step in this direction and we should all support it . 
it says that each generation is faced with new challenges . 
it is regrettable that the resolution does not won plenary votes , as the Socialist position was supported by the interests of European citizens . 
in principle , it is vital that Europe does not forget nor to turn its back to all those women who are not guaranteed freedom and filled with hope for the future . 
the devastation of obvious aim was to remove all the evidence that this city residents is the Greek culture of Christians . 
for some reason we have been witnessing an unprecedented wave of üldstreikide throughout Europe . 
I also welcome the idea that the implementation of the Directive may increase the amount of waste treated and reporting , particularly as regards the collection rate , collection target related to the achievement of the responsibility and the responsibility of the consumers . 
patients must be absolutely sure that the medicines they consume really are those which they require . 
of course , we would then need two different file that could be rapidly to take any exceptional measures , and we can be sure that there will be enough time for a comprehensive review . 
in addition , you are very generously also set up a budget line to encourage Member States to set up mechanisms such or at least the mutual ties with the kidnapping to deal with the caveats . 
the Commission states in its Communication on the Renewed Social Agenda : &apos; the Commission also calls upon all Member States to set an example by ratifying and implementing the ILO conventions that the ILO has recognised the timely . &apos; 
it is important that the sanctions the losses would be as low as possible for the populations in countries whose political regions sanctions are applied . 
in writing . - ( PT ) European Union consumer policy is a key element of the consolidation of the internal market . 
we also think that the proposal should be approved by means of codecision on the basis of Article 199 of the Treaty . 
the reference to the fact that it must be regulated at global level , is familiar with the kliimaarutelust . 
I am not surprised that the ordinary decent citizens of Ireland is confused , because they have a strange temporary allies among the narrow - Ms McDonald and Mr Farage . 
action taken on Parliament &apos;s resolutions : see Minutes 
on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group . - Mr President , hopefully carried out in the course of the debate we ask impartially to examine these massihaudasid , protect these areas and to end the harassment of the persons concerned of the investigation of the investigation . 
measures by the EU in the short , medium and long-term has adopted , will lead to the Union clearly forward towards economic union . 
the June List of defending in Sweden , the members of the referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon . 
we are working together with the social partners , because we believe that this , too , the idea to work together with the social partners , is part of our European model , and we believe that in this way we can help workers to prepare tulevikuametiteks to sustainable and low-carbon economy , where do we want Europe to draw . 
fourthly , if , on the one hand , the cause of some Member States , including the United States of America excessive spending and laenukoormused large trade deficit , then , on the other hand , are experiencing some of the emerging countries trade surpluses . 
as has emerged from the debate and the special committee on the alternative proposals goes here between the Commission and the Council a power struggle . 
these are the sectors that are linked to the largest geopolitical risk . 
since on the Internet ( 4 ) of the specific forms of the full impact on consumers is not yet known , we must act quickly to fill this gap in knowledge . 
it must be one of the results of the Copenhagen . 
this Treaty is not such a . 
in particular , we need to remember those small and medium-sized enterprises , which not only does not give the work of a large part of our citizens , but which also has a huge potential in the field of innovation . 
if we go down this road , no longer any investment in this sector . 
the Commissioner also brought a comparison of hash browns , but we know that , in the case of minced meat hygiene standards are not the same as in the case of meat products prepared . therefore , I should call into question whether the Commissioner , both claims is correct . 
in Poland , the German Chancellor opinion much more important Herman Van Rompuy , and from that of David Cameron loud resonant voice is much more important from that of President Barroso . 
whether the Commission is prepared to ordinary hõõgpirnide means that at least to households to make an exception ? 
I sincerely hope that Member States shall take the White Paper to be part of the &apos; Pierre de Coubertin &apos; action plan seriously and that the Commission will provide the necessary guidelines and , if necessary , economic assistance at his disposal the arengufondidest . 
Mr President , it is right that we must regulate the financial markets and to introduce turvaabinõud . 
in recent years , the differences between Member States started to decline , but at the same time , has increased significantly differences within individual Member States . 
in my view , this could play a key role of better regulation , which contains the study of new and existing laws of the impact of minors . 
if the country meets the conditions , enable him to continue the process of accession and , in the end , he will be able to join the EU . 
nothing ! 
probably takes him with representatives of both sides of the negotiation of time , but I , I consider it important that he is in these efforts both we and others in support of the United States . 
of course , that is to say , better late than never , and this amendment to the ability to at least to ensure that the funds can be used to the full , and hopefully reach these also very quickly and in the best way possible to those who are suffering the most . 
we must make sure that the doubt do not fall for the entire statistikasüsteemile and Eurostat &apos;s ability to control by the Member States eelarveandmeid . 
if he wishes to make comments in relation to these reports , I should be interested to hear . 
therefore , I must warn that any decisions should not be taken before the International Criminal Court in the Hague has made a decision on this issue . 
objective methods and comprehensive evidence collection was brought the Goldstone report these atrocities highlight and also listed in this , what the provisions of international law Israel this unspeakable act wealth . 
Renate Weber claimed that the Hungarian media law does not provide sufficient sources of protection . 
why then we will continue with its citizens of torture , taking away from them , jobs and livelihoods ? 
even the inactive part of on-call time cannot be considered fully or partly as rest time - time as the Council called for . 
this has led to the authorities , managers and neighbours are reliable murenemiseni . 
what kind of scientific and financial soundness of such evaluation reports can be attributed to ? 
it is important that we feel concerned about the situation of women , who have come to Europe and who are held in detention centres . 
therefore it is the result of my delight . 
I would like to briefly explain why . 
the Lisbon strategy highlight kerkivaid issues in , I am pleased to see that it represents a comprehensive view of sustainable economic development , economic growth , the Environmental Liability and social responsibility policy . 
let us hope that the referendum will end of confrontation , and yet again is the start of a process , as a result of which will be a lasting peace . 
firstly , there is the political context . 
on Belarus these steps are considerable . 
I ask you , which is now missing the European idea , which was the basis for the establishment of the Union ? 
also , there is a concern that may decrease the competitiveness of the sector . 
I hope that the Commission will include in its edumeelsesse legislative proposal on the future of the CAP effective market mechanisms and the necessary financial resources to ensure the stability of the cereals and the feed for livestock farmers and to guarantee the security to plan ahead . 
many of us were at the preparation . 
we triangulated the , the proposal of the Commission , extending the concept of vulnerable groups and adding issues such as the specific problems , a single-parent families and large families , meeting the needs of people with disabilities and the homeless , addressing the specific challenges , promoting active integration and access to culture and leisure . 
we regulate itself over , so that we are not on the market on any more . 
this is a very hypocritical , now that the EU has an interest in the rights of children , when his policy will bring about workers depression an alarming unemployment , temporary work , a fall in living standards , health and education system and the privatisation of sport and culture of subordination of industrial interests . 
I would like to formally to claim that the European Commission intends to fully respected in the Regulation of the Bureau of the autonomy and independence of the principles and the Commission does not play any role of the Institute in strategic decision-making process . 
( FR ) of the implementation of the regulatory procedure 
therefore , I believe that the debate that tonight we need , it is fair , useful and democratic and must provide evidence of effective action . 
my second question concerns the public consultation document itself and a negative reaction with regard to agriculture . 
it was important to oppose the proposal to include the development policy as part of our foreign policy . 
we need to examine and compare the European Union and the Member States for the control mechanisms . 
a robust economic modernisation and participation in the Eastern Partnership strategy can contribute to this task . 
we wanted to get revenues to protect forests and improve . it also clear performance standards for new power stations , in order to coal-fired power stations could not be opened without that they had previously available carbon capture technology . 
the disadvantage is that this aspect , which is referred to as the second pillars - namely rural development - has been cut medium-term finantsplaneerimises and it must , on a proposal from the Commission and Parliament to accept more than EUR 20 billion of cuts . 
14 . 
I believe that the &apos; Safer Internet &apos; programme can indeed to solve these problems successfully . 
( Parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment ) 
European companies and the tourism sector is very important for the economy of the Member States . 
generally speaking , it is necessary to guidelines , in particular in order to ensure a strong Agency , which would be in line with Mr Chichester and Mr Vidal-Quadras reports of the views expressed by the . 
unfortunately , at the European level and are in favour of adverse people . 
why is not at a time when , in all our countries there are serious concerns with regard to the security of energy supplies and Turkey is geographically such a key position , which allows the pipelines from the Caspian Sea to transport , still open the energy chapter ? 
this is force majeure . 
( RO ) I very warmly welcome the Commission and the Council of the measures ! 
the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy / Vice-President of the Commission . - Thank you all for an important and interesting debate ! 
I would like to congratulate and thank the rapporteur for improving the outlook and for the fact that she managed to give this strategy paper very positive direction . 
( FI ) Madam President , I think it is very important that we should try and achieve the health of the supporting the claims of products , but it is right that we need to ensure their accuracy and scientific basis . 
I would like to express my approval of the Stockholm programme , which gives rise to the ambitious political efforts to improve the region by 2014 . 
firstly , the security of supply - and this has been achieved . 
leave my words : staying here is a mistake . 
in addition , the changes is also good for Turkey itself . 
dumping and subsidisation were examined related company on the basis of complaints and algmääruste can under the complainants of their complaints to withdraw the proposal . 
in the intended policy is the answer to the European Consensus on Development ’ commitments on gender equality in all our cooperation policies and -tavades . 
in order to prepare people for life and society to act , schools should lead them towards a comprehensive lifelong learning , the European Union towards the programme , which , it is considered that the people of all ages is able to learn , therefore , while remaining viable and active ühiskonnaliikmeteks . 
it is therefore the question of banking secrecy legal hand at EU level found a solution , and it cannot prevent the full exchange of information between the tax authorities on the basis of a request . 
they need to speed up the creation of jobs and to maintain at the same time , long-term and sustainable fiscal policy . 
the Belarusian authorities &apos; decision to terminate the mission of the OSCE Office in Belarus is regrettable . 
you take them both away . 
in fact , it &apos;s a new entry into force of the Treaty of responsibility for the protection of investments from the Member States to the Union . 
I propose that they speak a few staff on the day of the vote on Wednesday - - Parliament at the front of the demonstration . 
we must , in any event , the switch to the system of own resources . 
in writing . - ( PT ) This report includes a number of important issues , and some of the findings , which we support . 
all right , it wasn &apos;t their fault , but apparently the other fault ! 
as we have already heard , costs EUR 60 visa , which is equal to the average citizen nädalapalgaga Belarus . 
that the number of obese children in the 27 EU Member States is increasing and that lifelong terviseedendus in relation to the ageing of the population of the EU is a very high priority , is to be welcomed the fact that the Treaty of Lisbon can the EU competences in the sports sector in the context . 
market policy will continue in the same way as before . 
but it must mean - if we want to remain credible - that we are two things : energy policy , but also human rights policy , improving the human rights situation in these countries . 
( FR ) Madam President , there is indeed a time when you have to know what the side to choose . 
we need to get rid of the fake dilemma and solidarity between competitiveness , because these two are not incompatible . 
it may be addressed at regional level . 
the situation is indeed such - and it can be attributed to some of the questions - that around half of all the pre-registration applications were submitted eelregistreerimisperioodi in the last two weeks , so more than a million of the request for the last two weeks . 
it is unacceptable that some of the people , the extremists , decide to violence and even in favour of terrorism and do God &apos;s or in the name of religion , claiming that they speak for others or that they are even above the law , and tie in with violence countless innocent people . 
Mr President , in order to any of the strategy to be effective , I think it is essential to create the objectives and of existing instruments strong links and I see the EU 2020 strategy rakendusmehhanismidena four main policy instrument . 
I call on the Commission to pay particular attention to small and medium-sized enterprises and to guarantee them fair and non-discriminatory conditions of competition . 
I would like to ask the Commissioner to take action on this issue . 
first of all , I would like to say that , for me , is not the gender equality in the fight for nothing to do with the left-wing or right-wing views . it is also not of men and women in the fight , not only for the fight against the whole of society . 
as I said at the beginning of the debate , has arrived at a turning point in the history of the NPT and arms control in the process . 
the situation resulted in the death of their people , who used the right freely to express their views . 
I do understand Parliament &apos;s position . 
so we need to make the situation of the correct conclusions . 
in my view could be fraudulent use of EU funds as well as the publication of a black list of possible abuse to prevent and thus promote openness and transparency in the use of the resources of the EU . 
it will take place special restricted and considerably restricts the scope of such legislation . 
rapporteur . - ( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , thank you very much for their constructive comments at the end of the here and , in particular , for the constructive cooperation . 
first of all , can live with often the condemnation and inefficient viisakeeldude imposition , which is ridiculous powerless techniques . 
whether it is still possible to make one or two things in the field of public supervision ? 
the authentic witch-hunt has been the victim of thirteen patsifistide grouping , for example on Bethlehem and Breaking the Silence . 
as Avril Doyle said , we do not understand why are these amendments inadmissible . 
( the sitting was suspended at 6 p.m. ) 
the aim is to prevent budget deficits and excessive debt occurring , and to promote the surveillance and coordination of economic policy , thus supporting the achievement of the objectives of the Union &apos;s economic growth and employment . 
we need to ensure fair competition and to refuse to admit that our efforts to combat climate change would bring us world trade at a disadvantage . 
in the last decade is in the Balkans too many villages burned . 
Member of the Commission . - We always follow the facts . 
in fact , is to see significant signs of improvement in certain economic indicators , in particular , have increased in international trade , and the confidence of consumers and investors . 
at the level of the Community industry accounts for 26,4 % of GDP , but is also the Member States where the industrial production will only 14 % of GDP . 
whoever is responsible for this , it is totally unacceptable , absolutely and totally unacceptable that ( 3 ) of the text was initially Israel and Hamas an equal footing . 
they only need to monitor their party märguandjate gestures . 
I would like to remind everyone British Airways flight which , in 1982 , on his way to New Zealand , flew through the cloud of ash , and in particular the serious disruption of the KLM Boeing in a special 747 , which in 1989 thick volcanic ash cloud ran . 
in any case , it is the defence , but also küünilisemalt expressed the policy of the United States of America aseministri Paul Rosenzweig . 
he has tried to distribute the Progress Microfinance Facility around the budgetary means before the European Parliament has made his decision . 
I agree with the proposal to reduce by the end of 2012 the single market for the transposition of directives deficit of 0.5 % in both the incomplete and incorrect transposition . 
after several business and the interest group was reduced by the inclusion of the proposal , but only for a period of 12 months , with kvartaliülevaadetega ! 
we cannot apply double standards , because this would undermine the credibility of the EU , or to establish the new conditions . 
Turkey is absolutely sufficient preferential partnership , instead of full membership . 
all we did not need to reinvent the wheel invent . 
we cannot imagine a better source of information , whether we write a book or want to prepare the fine meal and we are looking for interesting prescription . 
if we erode ühinemispõhimõtteid , we do not just any more of principle . 
it is in the interests of the Swiss younger generation and it is , of course , the Swiss the surrounding countries , in the interest of young people who want to participate in the framework of the Comenius-Regio õpilasvahetusprogrammides with Switzerland or the individual koolipartnerlustes and also of the Erasmus programme . 
ladies and gentlemen , it is clear that consumer confidence is once again been shaken , and consumers , of course , ask ourselves what national authorities are doing , and what the EU intends to do that polluters to suspend their activities . 
historically has been most 50-eurone banknotes counterfeit banknotes , but during the second half of 2008 - for the first time - was € 20 banknotes most counterfeit banknotes . 
at the time , it was not possible to say more . 
- ( ET ) Council was agreed in a number of important case . 
the German Presidency set three objectives , three times 20 - , and at the heart of this Treaty , which we in the European Council agreed on , and which I hope tomorrow , the European Parliament adopted a credible , which corresponds to your own set objectives . 
I deplore Juan Soto García death and deplore the lack of freedom and democracy in Cuba . 
- ( FI ) Mr President , Commissioner , first of all , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Jelko Kacin for an excellent and extensive report . 
lastly , the Commission welcomes yesterday presented to the study on the minorities and discrimination . 
did you know that the Netherlands is now already for years been the largest net contributor to the European Union and that the Greeks has for years been the largest beneficiaries of the Dutch money ? 
we must , however , be careful that shops do not start to cut prices to be paid to the farmer . 
( RO ) This year on 30 March last updated on the black list is 278 carrier 17 of the country . 
having lent EUR 250 million to increase the production capacity of the farm , they built the new factories Poland , Romania and Hungary . 
of course , it is a general objective of maintaining stable prices , but in the interests of farmers cannot be in order to ensure this country or the footman to start . 
indirectly have been involved in the conflict also Russia and States of , and the financial resources has been the Arab countries and China . 
this amendment would allow the grey market significantly expand and therefore certainly it must be rejected . 
this is now our priority . 
( the President continued in English ) 
but I said yet - and I repeat that , too - that , as the honourable Members know well , were deadlines , such as they were , so that the Council and the Commission had to act within a very short period of time . 
however , it is important to choose the right specialisation , clusters initiative must be coherent , as in the whole of the EU industrial policy , and this must be appropriate and balanced . 
the situation in the Mediterranean is for us a lesson mitteaustamisest human rights . 
therefore , the EU and its Mediterranean partners , specifically in Egypt , in the context of the Euro-Mediterranean region , negotiations . 
I support many of the proposed amendments , which is designed , first and foremost , the proposal aims to clarify and their sisutihedamaks to change . 
this country is over the past 12 years has achieved much : it has implemented successfully structural and economic reforms and fought effectively the fight against corruption and organised crime . 
we have to recognise that there are problems and there are the measures , actions and attitudes , which may not be perfect ! 
all taxes , which can be adopted is the most ridiculous so-called Tobin tax . 
GDP is a measure of production and does not reflect , in general , environmental sustainability , resource efficiency , social inclusion or social progress . 
there is also a certain country specific topics . 
we want to meet the democratic legitimacy after a gap in the Netherlands to the whole of the pain . 
let me inimküsimuste subject for another word to say . 
for youth unemployment is particularly worrying , as you said . 
cohesion policy is laid down in the Treaty of Lisbon . 
now , however , has been taken yet another step . 
it would certainly help to improve cooperation within the Union . 
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , firstly , I am grateful to the European Parliament the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy ( ITRE ) and to the Commission for regional development of intensive debate and for the report that we are debating today . 
I voted in favour of the report because , in my view , the improvement of the economic governance of the European Union is very important . 
ladies and gentlemen , if there is an opportunity in Europe to implement these new technological methods and the use of natural gas in Europe as regards obtaining shale gas , we can improve their common economy with it , that we will reduce our dependence on imports . 
in Northern Ireland , it is estimated that you have in your mind leinajatega . 
it supports the Stability Pact and currency policy and other macro-economic guidelines mom who passes her irrational criteria and , in addition , devalues the constantly production and the role of labour . 
therefore , I support the idea that the ministers of finance to be implemented by the Member of the Commission on 22 December 2004 , the proposal of the three points plan on strengthening of Eurostat as quickly as possible . 
this requires a step-by-step approach , according to which we deliver the first level of 3 % and then in the medium term , the budget balance . 
the current situation should be analysed as quickly as possible and to identify feasible timetable . 
the large number of children living in orphanages , which is the subject of today &apos;s debate , don &apos;t celebrate often abandoned children , but it marks actually poor parents of children , who will not cope with their difficult personal situation . 
it has been proven instrument , and in accordance with the decision the cornerstone of cooperation and the first concrete example of the principle of mutual recognition in the field of criminal law . 
the main instrument for controlling exports is Regulation ( EC ) No 428 / 2009 , which introduced a number of significant changes to the scope of dual-use export controls in the European Union . 
I would like to raise a couple of questions . 
Greece , Italy and Spain will not be able to deal with this alone , because these countries are under strong pressure . 
well , Mr Rack , do not worry , we started exactly at noon and is now at 12.04 , therefore , goes all quite nicely . 
Mr President , I would like to draw the Commissioner &apos;s attention to the fact that their own community , I have to electrical equipment ringlusseandmiseks they themselves local kogumispaika delivering . 
the attacks of the PKK fear - anger , which could escalate . 
we need in this fight , therefore , to find a common approach , based on the rule of law and the law of Christmas . 
we should not only to support , but utterly insist on respect for human rights both in the EU and its external relations . 
well , I now have another theory , namely that perhaps women who committees , the European Commission and here in Parliament for small businesses are doing so difficult to recruit young women , in fact , are fighting for their own interests . 
economic growth achieved in 2007 , almost 3 % . 
extending the mandate of MONUC on-the-spot check staff , no doubt , but it also firmly must be reassessed and to strengthen it , in order to prevent such a growing violence . 
secondly , I call for the Belarusian Government , to ask whether or not it already time to lose all of the Chernobyl children travel restrictions . 
the importance of this can be felt pilguheidust my country terrible history and is currently taking place around the violations of human rights . 
I would like to thank Mrs Matias for her excellent work ! 
no one is not against transparency . 
please now that speakers should comply with their speaking time . 
the Belarusian authorities &apos; attitude is a surprise at , because it is contrary to what happened during the election campaign , when we saw the various powers - a genuine opposition and the emergence of an active civil society - . 
the Commission is requested and received from the Council of the negotiating mandate , which gives a mandate for negotiations with Liechtenstein specifically on how to remove the current weaknesses in the fight against money laundering and tax fraud of the system . 
the Commission has taken measures to stabilise the financial system , which helps the banks to lend to its customers again . 
the Energy Labelling Directive has a crucial role to play in the achievement of the objective of the EU &apos;s 20 % energy efficiency by 2020 . 
solidarity or equal competition does not mean anything anymore . 
in particular , I would like to explain , Mr President , that , before the vote on these reports at the level of the Commission and asked the European Commission gave us a guarantee that will ensure full reciprocity . 
this is adapted to the new challenges , which is the effects of globalisation , climate change and demographic changes . 
it is all very well , but already incurred the first signs of and trends in the so-called political correctness consensus which do not comply with points of view , the siege of banning and , who knows , sooner or later of changing them punishable . 
we must , in its common foreign and security policy to the next great leap . 
however , we must make it clear , however - some of the countries with lower standards to understand this , if these standards are raised - that freedom of movement should not be accompanied by certain become the norm of competition which is inherent in the established social standards abandonment . 
we , the Greek Communist Party MEPs voted against the resolution , therefore , thereby confirming its position in the imperialist EU and its enlargement against . 
secondly , raises the study , on which the proposal submitted by the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs , whom I would like the opportunity here using once again to thank , a number of questions , which is worth separate treatment , but as a whole taking this is likely to mean that the Council will have a great opposition to this proposal . 
Europe is faced with an enormous economic crisis , and must seek effective ways out of it . 
I am pleased that in Kosovo was recently set up the security forces and that of the Serb community members of the Kosovo belongs to the police . 
the European Commission is at the behest of the European Council committed itself to draw up a proposal to shape the intergovernmental European Heritage Label around the Community kultuuriinstitutsiooniks . 
therefore , I support the decision to make the stress tests of nuclear power stations in the territory of the EU . 
transport system , which at the local level is functioning well , is better than the service , which shall be terminated due to the provision of over-regulation . 
author . - ( NL ) Mr President , my most important question to the Council is in fact it , whether she has recanted . 
these will result in higher production costs , and it may distort competition with countries where the legislation in this area is less strict . 
I would draw attention to the position of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , which stresses that sport must be socially and especially for young people to make the most of them as a means of tolerance , respect and playing a role in teaching . 
the minimum wage is certainly a good idea , but it must be workers and the European small and medium-sized undertakings offered by the general tax incentives in the form of the package . 
I would also like to address the subject of the second aspect - it is , of course , the resources that we use to promote democracy and support in the field of human rights . 
I , or does not deal with these issues in the order in which , but I will try to respond briefly to them . 
I think that it is still our biggest crisis . 
the European Commission is a suitable instruments and mechanisms , to monitor the Member States &apos; financial policies over and to correct it . 
( applause ) 
in July last year during the attack on the Ashraf in Iraq in Iran of the People &apos;s Mujahedin of Iran ( PMOI ) camp can only mention the wild and savage exploitation . 
it pushes the crisis but forward . 
as a result of the adoption of this report , Member States will have to take coordinated measures to fight against this disease in the European Union . 
now that President Assad is beginning to its people to take action against the brutal , we understand , of course , his activities conscientiously condemn and we impose sanctions , which is of little benefit . 
there is only one Europe and that Europe is our home . 
we have been witness to this , and also of the whole world knows that the US Government was forced to print money - the first stage of the USD 700 billion and the second in the recent stages of USD 600 billion . 
European industry is faced not only the effects of the economic crisis , but also of the new challenges of a globalised era . 
we know that terrorism is a global threat and therefore needs a coordinated global response , which necessarily includes the flow of information and exchange of information , an increase in positions and internal coordination , coordination / partnership with third countries , the implementation of the Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy , which the United Nations will play a leading role in the fight against terrorism , and closely involved in the various regional and international organisations . 
of course , was for our group report on biometrics linking viisaraportiga as fly in the ointment . 
now it is more important than ever before . 
raising the energy performance of buildings will help to reduce primary energy consumption and carbon dioxide emissions . 
so can the year 2010 to be the year for combating poverty . 
in recent times has been hit by the Slovenian minorities in Italy , Austria and Hungary their interests funding cutbacks high pressure . 
the report is the result of the balance of the concentration on animal welfare and has taken account of the cost-effectiveness of antibiotic resistance and the problem with respect to farms . 
I am aware of less than 10 metres long , the owners of the vessels of the United Kingdom of the creation of the Union . 
in addition , it has supported the President Mbeki , under the leadership of the SADC vahenduspüüdeid to reach the people of Zimbabwe on 29 March the selection of the meelepärasemale outcome . 
one of these deeper causes is dominant in these countries of extreme poverty , which makes the weak countries and does not allow them to fulfil their public tasks . 
in any event , even though the introduction of an optional instrument is aimed at facilitating cross-border trade , having due regard to the needs of consumers and companies , need to be borne in mind that the existing European legislation already satisfy the needs of the different relevant actors . 
( the sitting was closed at 1 p.m. ) 
Mr President , I am grateful to the honourable Member for intervention . 
unfortunately , however , it is unlikely that all of the European Parliament &apos;s proposals will be adopted . 
combating the rise of extremism in Europe ( debate ) 
hardly was such a request made , if you , Mr President , that many Members here juubeldamise to read out . 
I would now like to turn to the future Partnership and Cooperation Agreement , to which the subject of this debate . 
I support country of origin labelling system , which shall promote these standards , and I believe that it would be acceptable for most of the consumers and producers . 
it is true that the Commission has for a long time moved away from the interests of the citizens of the Union , in accordance with the neoliberal policies . 
the decision of the Supreme Court , at the request of the Ministry of Culture , means that the implementation of the plan for the desecration of heritage , and also the Constitutional Court recently tried to stop it , or made the decision that it should be stopped . 
so there is no effective cooperation given the slightest reason to change the structures in this area . 
soon we will prove , once again , that they had no right . 
this situation leads EU to import more than 40 million tonnes of protein crops , and is the result of long-term contracts , which allow the oilseeds and protein crops duty-free imports of , for example , general customs and trade agreement and the Blair House Agreement . 
well aware that the work of ENISA against is an important public interest , then I hope that it will be allocated more resources . 
we now need to work , and we must not waste any time . 
( SK ) Maybe it is cold in here also because the Commission takes our Parliament and its opinions very little into account . 
this text is included in the Europeanisation of companies ideology element . 
Mr President , you may think that , since I left in July of this Parliament , I am not on the Parliament &apos;s 2010 on the programme of any views . 
in order to be successful hope kalandusriikide engagements , we cannot allow a situation where fish stocks are threatened with the race to try to unilaterally out all the existing stock . 
at the same time , it is also clear that not all countries are possible economic losses not to take strong measures proposed within a relatively short period of time . 
it is simply not fair . 
( HU ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the European future is strongly affected by whether he is able to develop societies , which have and support the children . 
support for human rights defenders have long been part of the EU &apos;s human rights and democracy välissuhetealase policy . 
the rule of law requires criminal responsibility to must be individual , not collective . 
I voted in favour of the report , but I did so only because the report shall be made very specifically clear that in the accession negotiations with Turkey has no progress . 
what visa are we talking about here ? 
the proposed review does not meet these requirements and that is why I voted against . 
it is questionable whether such an approach pays off . 
thirdly , France is not as still plans to introduce any specific examples and , as I said , it is up to individual Member States . 
we know that the Commission shall submit to the Council the confrontation in the coming months , in the light of the revised proposal for a recast . 
the other me striking anomaly is that , although we are allowed to determine their own composition , which is all the European institutions and of the Union itself vital to the institutional question , we are not allowed to choose their own meeting places of one Member State be so stubborn after , and instead , sold us if a puppy asbestos smoked with the City of Strasbourg . 
Terminis &apos; food security &apos; highlights the need to take specific measures to increase global food stocks : it is a human rights law , which includes the physical and economic access to healthy , adequate and nutritious food . 
in writing . - ( RO ) we often say that young people are the future of Europe . 
I would like once again to express support for the EU &apos;s initiative to promote the EU &apos;s active support for the vaccination programmes , which , if implemented , has been able to significantly reduce tuberculosis infection rates , as confirmed by the EU Member States statistics . 
Mr President , Commissioner and Vice-President Barrot , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , thank you Javier Moreno Sánchez , on and the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , as our debate on the subject of establishing EUROSUR and FRONTEX is this time been intense . 
our ports are clean . 
a hundred years , we have made a lot of progress , but there is still much to be done . 
in particular , in view of the consumer scoreboard , what methods , the Commission intends to use that the process of young consumers on the data collected and how will reach them the necessary information ? 
the rules must be implemented fairly and according to a single standard . 
the Portuguese Presidency of the socialist government is under an obligation to try to implement changes . 
now the world has changed and these mechanisms must also change . 
demand has risen sharply , because the economy and the population has increased , and it is also increased demand by individuaaltranspordivahendite . 
those who argue that in Italy there is no freedom of expression or the diversity of information , are lying , and they know it . 
I agree with Mr Stevenson , namely that the current prices mean only a small increase in income for farmers compared to its lõviosaga , which kaubandussektor , supermarket chains and turuspekulandid itself will take . 
this is something which we have achieved in cooperation with the Council - and must acknowledge that , by the way of a certain pressure - that , in the medium term , we would be able to solve the problem . 
I agree with Mrs Wallis on the role of the Committee on Petitions of what has been said . 
State aid policy is an important part of the competition policy , allowing to ensure equal opportunities to all the undertakings operating in the single market . 
the emphasis has been the need to provide aid for women who want to set up their own businesses . 
unfortunately , prevent independent garage ability to compete with the authorised repairers are still a number of restrictions , including the limited access to spare parts and technical information . 
if to do the job done in time , then we can implement innovations and still to protect jobs . 
we believe that the current situation of civil aviation in the light of the draft Treaty raises serious doubts about its scope and possible consequences . 
mobilisation of the EU Solidarity Fund ( 
Parliament shares our desire to create kaitsvam , more efficient and fairer European asylum system . 
the President Medvedev today is involved in the G20 meeting in London . 
on behalf of the PSE Group . - Mr President , want to congratulate our both rapporteurs ! 
constantly will be heard the same clichés about - whether international or then such , which is motivated issues not understanding or stupidity . 
this is my first message . 
this is a very important factor . 
we must therefore organs before their use sift . 
it is the possession of the financing of the common asylum policy , and between all the Member States , the European Asylum Support Office , and all of us , in front of the challenges awaiting proper agreements on reaching . 
you do not even know how you will vote today . 
the last thing I want to say is , in fact , to Mr Schwab &apos;s statements in relation to all the research . 
these two link is obvious . 
this is obviously to create more jobs and , in some cases , promoted the regional economy . 
I thank you for your support . 
in other words , this will require stealth and keeping a secret . 
in order to give the debate on a stable basis , Member States should submit their balance sheets generations . 
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs - ( NL ) Madam President , the package contains the intelligent proposals consumer rights and the protection of privacy , but unfortunately , there are no coherence and thus create legal uncertainty both businesses and consumers , as the scope is completely unclear . 
the European Union and the international community opportunities to make in Somalia basic the actual situation is small . 
I am talking about transparency . 
although it is not perfect , it is a step in the right direction . 
whether it is the post office closures or every two weeks of prügikogumisega , always indicate the finger in the other direction , and the Brussels riddled effect will not come out . 
if the European Union really wants to develop a foreign policy , which in the world to some extent the effect , then it must also have the financial industry . 
I am very pleased to express support for the European project , which provides added value not only for Europe , but also the world through its objective to finally tuberculosis . 
( EL ) Mr President , first of all , I would like to congratulate Mr Capoulas Santos on his report ! 
report on territorial , social and economic cohesion seeks , in my opinion , to provide a comprehensive framework , which stresses the integrative role of cohesion policy and the contribution to increasing the EU &apos;s global competitiveness . 
it is equally important to make concrete proposals on reciprocity and I welcome the fact that your report recognises the internal energy market measures intended to protect the importance of reciprocity . 
life assurance ( implementing powers conferred on the Commission ) ( vote ) 
that is why we they chose - we wanted to choose the people who would make the smooth functioning of the mission of traffic for all European citizens , so that they can better life , and they just how to do . 
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as I have already mentioned , the Commissioner in recent months we have repeatedly addressed the chemical substances and mixtures of the classification , labelling and packaging of the system , better known as the abbreviation GHS , and in the area of which I am the rapporteur . 
it is therefore more than justified to condemn in drawing up the resolution of a number of non-governmental organisations , especially the protection of human rights organisations involved in persecution , which currently in Egypt will take place , and to support the freedom of association campaign conducted by the many social movements . 
the Hungarian socialist colleagues heritage by eliminating will contribute to a huge amount of energy to , in order to make the Hungarian democratic and free European country , and this on the basis of the mandate of the constitutional , by the Hungarian citizens free elections gave us . 
the European Union stresses the need to achieve in the Middle East just , lasting and comprehensive peace , and calls on the Palestinian-Israeli to continue discussions and to solve all the outstanding problems Palestinian-Israeli conflict , including the underlying problems . 
right now I would like to touch on a specific article of the draft of the new Treaty , of which we also spoken before we are : Article 24 of the Treaty on European Union . 
firstly , it is right to leave the share of biofuels of 10 % , because , if at all in Europe is a problem , then it &apos;s security of energy supply problem . 
unemployment , unhealthy working conditions , the standard of living of the minimum lower pensions and high-quality public services relating to access problems are the main causes of poverty , among which will enable us to talk about the nature of the poor feminiseerumisest . 
4 calls on Israel to cease military actions killing and are endangering civilians , and extrajudicial targeted killings ; 
like the other members but before me pointed out , it is not also be achieved without intelligent drivers , who understands the traffic and with sufficient technical knowledge . 
( ES ) Mr President , this accident cannot , of course , be compared with other incidents , which is linked to the oil tankers or even container ships , such as Naples , on which must international Merendusbüroo IMB yet to take the decision . 
it is high time that crucifixes , which were classrooms to Mussolini , at the time of the lifting of riigikoolidest . 
it is therefore this important measure in the area of recycling of WEEE good step in the right direction , because it will enable us to improve resource efficiency and to ensure the surrender of producers of raw materials . 
I don &apos;t know whether you will still the introduction of a financial transaction tax . 
but please think of the related on the difficulties . 
the main objective was to grant financial assistance to Bulgaria and the other countries which have been forced to its operate nuclear power plants dekomisjoneerima , even though it is against their convictions . 
Parliament administrative body should such situations in the future , as we have today , there is foreseen . 
it must be emphasised that the European deals with Mexico important as a partner in the field of supply of raw materials . 
we must be determined ! 
I would also like to thank my colleagues &apos; budget &apos; in the Council , and to all those who have made them together , strong support for what they offered to the President-in-Office , In my special thanks go to the Commissioner Dalia Grybauskaitė , who fully complied with its a neutral mediation role , and , finally , I would like to thank the workers in these three institutions who participated in these negotiations , their very valuable and professional for the contribution . 
this is particularly good news for those who live in border regions , and , in particular , those who suffer from rare diseases , and need specialised care , which is not available in their country of residence . 
police cooperation at the level of Eli so logically will take place on the basis of an intergovernmental approach . 
in writing . - ( NL ) Opel Antwerp , the former employees and four suppliers is still angry about how GM those treated . 
the Thai soldiers shooting must stop : violence against demonstrators cannot lead to democratic and does not lead to a solution . 
instability in the region remains despite the success of the ISAF operations . 
as regards the abovementioned quotas , then I believe that I have just misunderstood . 
in writing . - ( PT ) I am explaining how I voted . 
over the past years , it has become clear that , in this area , it is necessary to take more action , mainly in the Member States , but also by the European Union . 
after the elimination of the gender pay gap still remain to be resolved women an appropriate role in the family and the strengthening of the principle of equal treatment for approval of the question . 
it is very difficult to ask the speaker to conclude , in particular , if he is in full swing , however , however , try to keep to my speaking time . 
if you look at the single market for the other products , goods and services - roads , railways , airlines , airports , the digital world , waterways - available for the bases , then it is to see that we are energy , particularly in the gas and electricity for the transport of the necessary infrastructure needs of discharging the still very far away , in order to achieve our European energy policy objectives , which is to ensure the security of supply , solidarity , competition and consumer interests . 
goods transport , particularly with regard to the harmonisation of multimodal transport , is absolutely vital and logical step , which should have a positive impact on the EU internal market . 
for our group is , however , a special mureteema the issue of energy poverty and what we intend to do this deal , because it is in Europe remains a very serious problem . 
antibiotic resistance ( debate ) 
this will help us the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development continuous work in the development of the guidelines , which govern the mainstreaming of adaptation in development cooperation . 
we have also specified the äristiimulid . 
( HU ) the military junta has pledged to the 2010 elections are free and democratic . 
we also see the Information Society and Media Directorate-General in the work of the progress of the increased confidence of consumers in respect of a roaming , and this is only the beginning . 
however , I am more in-depth consideration and after hearing the arguments convinced that we are able to maintain a multilingual access , although in its new form . 
all of these things are happening , and if we express its concern to them , then could the local elections take place in my view , a much better atmosphere . 
if we are now saying that we will be introducing a 100 % of the fixed braking systems , which rules out human errors , then this is not true . 
whether we are not the Second World War not learnt anything ? 
the economic crisis has become a problem throughout the world , but the economic crisis will also provide an opportunity to deepen and redefine the transatlantic relationship . 
in writing . - ( LT ) Although söetööstusel is not in the economy of Lithuania , the great importance of this report is important for my country of origin . 
in this regard , I would like to stress that , when my report on equality between women and men in 2009 was adopted , was supported by the majority of the Members of the European Parliament position that women must have easy access to contraception and abortion &apos; . 
on the one hand , gives the European political parties and their common European status on the creation of a modern , quick and public information . 
to prevent tax evasion is extremely important that these three countries ( Belgium , Luxembourg and Austria ) , which is exempt from the current teabevahetussüsteemist , are to be involved in this system , which other countries have already introduced . 
both think that some of the remaining intervention measures should be gradually completely abolished and that agriculture should be subject to the free market . 
part of this money has not yet been used in the case of Italy , and we are almost every day with the Italian authorities cooperation , to see how the funds can be reallocated so that it can be used to Lampedusa to resolve the situation . 
it is no wonder that many üritava Burma to leave , because they have no other choice . 
therefore called on the European Council meeting in March the Council and the Commission to present before the meeting of the European Council in June , the competences of the development plan for the management of migration and refugee flows . 
is the Council prepared to accept this ? 
I go as a living Tibetan palveratas conference to the conference , from a Member State of the Member States , and please , in order to use the already existing resources . 
the rapporteur highlights the advantages of the euro , which will bring about , but also the risks and problems , which may occur . 
we saw enthusiasm and gratitude and I think , Commissioner , that development should be taken into account in all European Union policies . 
however , I believe that the name of the law harassment and injustice is unacceptable , causing fear and humiliation and could incite hatred inimühiskondades . 
( DE ) Mr President , I have a question to President Pöttering : do you still have the right to vote in this Parliament ? 
if the British government wants to save money , then it may adopt the euro , to give the European Union more powers and responsibilities , and to keep the money together at the expense of those people who work in Britain Monetary policy . 
in addition , President Barroso encourages me very today &apos;s discussions in the European Parliament . 
terrorist networks is intended to undermine the peace and stability in the region . they must not be allowed to succeed . 
here there is simply no alternative . 
Eneseaustusega Parliament will not give up its traditional arhiveerimissüsteemist . 
I agree that it is necessary . 
( DE ) Mr President , as you know , has now been 28 countries , including the 25 Member States of the European Union , its ühispiiridelt lost control of passengers . 
in that case , we have their job well done . 
this strategy must contain the courageous targets and innovative measures . 
we often say that the EU &apos;s small businesses are the heart of the economy of the European Union . 
Lilli Gruber , by the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , on behalf of the Commission , drawn up the report on the policy plan on legal migration and 
their landfill sites segilöömine may lead to be an unimaginable ecological disaster . 
I would even say that the majority of micro-entities do not understand their accounts , which has also been confirmed by the Commission studies . 
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , I shall be very brief because a lot has been said . 
the last issue is the conduct of the elections methodology . 
we are talking about the energy provided to Europe , which should govern policy of the EU , so as also the gas and other sources of energy . 
the RoHS Directive and of the Council of 28 January 1988 resolution to combat environmental pollution by cadmium liquidation on the Community Action Programme is directed mainly against the use of cadmium , because Europe is a region which this cumulative carcinogenic poison particularly at risk . 
this must be achieved within the framework of the limit values laid down in this Directive . otherwise , it is worthless . 
the animals were writhing premature ageing or other diseases . 
therefore , we have to do with regard to the institutional and practical solutions chosen the right conclusions . 
- ( CS ) Mr President , I am thrilled that , Andreas Schwab reached a compromise with the Council , which increases the rights of consumers and also includes my proposals on the Internet trade . 
we expect , therefore , that we have been given the opportunity to be used for investments in improving the energy efficiency of buildings and having the opportunity to create the next couple of years , millions of new jobs . 
as is one minute of speaking time , do not have time to raise the policy more specific questions . 
the procurement procedure , which prohibits the preferred to local employees and workers , heats up of the increasingly outraged by the European Union and its rigid governance adopted . 
we &apos;ll send a delegation of the G20 summit , which will be discussed ways of getting out of the financial crisis . 
this is not a problem only in the developing world but also in Eastern Europe . 
as regards the deposiidisummast , the required number of signatures , their control , look at what happened a few months ago in St Petersburg - not in any of these points not to meet the criteria that we and the rest of the world we need to free and fair elections complying with . 
I would like to answer some of the questions and to prepare for further cooperation , because we have not yet the end . 
I would add that the Council common position introduces an explicit the opt-out review clause . 
the Court recommends that the principles applied in improving the expenditure programmes , which will ensure that European added value is promising that the objectives are clear that plans is both realistic and simple , as is reasonably possible , and that the reporting is understandable . 
the Italian authorities informed the European early warning system of the other Member States of the EU via the chikungunya virus caused by the tropical fever epidemic region Emilia-Romagna . 
the Soviet leaders had the confiscation of the termination of forced collectivisation and food supplies could save millions of lives , but they have not done so . 
it is important to point out that the opportunity to become a member of the EU countries in the Balkan region was one of the driving force for development and reforms . 
if the British Government in the UK wants to save money , then it can be done in the field of research , that it will be taken immediately introduce a European patent . 
Vice-President Joe Biden expressed only a few months ago here in the European Parliament clearly commitment to this strategic partnership . 
it was , &quot; How can we achieve better coordination between people : better cooperation and division of labour , better support for the global development policy between the different partners ; the World Bank , the World Trade Organisation , the International Monetary Fund , the Commission and all major donors role ? &quot; 
therefore , I am sure that we see such behaviour in the future . 
Monday 
instead of billions of euros to invest in new nuclear power plants , we need to make this money väljaarendamisse renewable energy . 
in conclusion , I repeat , that the EU is building a permanent dialogue with all the emerging countries alone and alone in this regard too , as regards each partner with similar , together with the implementation of the human rights clause compulsory , which appears in all since 1995 concluded in the new agreements and which requires respect for international law , be it the International Criminal Tribunal , the UN Convention on the Rights of the political or social and keskkonnaõiguste in the form of implementation . 
such as China since our in today &apos;s meeting stressed , I am absolutely certain that the US , the European Union and China are meeting the negotiating table are seated behind its duty and future generations covering the safety of a new award for the efforts of an example to others . 
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that in this House , it is time to put an end to endless discussions on the Lisbon Treaty , which we still have witnessed today . 
in my opinion , it is very important to convey the message of the Belarus authorities that they must comply with the OSCE commitments to respect human rights and to protect minorities . this last is an important part of the respect for human rights . 
you have become completely indifferent to the fate of the workers . 
the Copenhagen Summit is successful only if we are able to convey a message of solidarity and shared responsibility . 
I am pleased to see that they share our concerns . 
as the rapporteur , or in this case , the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety as draftsman of the opinion of the Commission , I wish in connection with the use of genetically modified micro-organisms in an enclosed environment to emphasise once again that the European Parliament &apos;s role in the surveillance process must be increased . 
finally , concerning my second question timetable and you spoke about the problems of the Commission and with the budgetary authority . 
thirdly , I hope that we can that plan to demonstrate that it provides for all European added value . 
also , it should not be forgotten that the European Court of Human Rights has rejected Mr Battisti request protection and that the European Union is based on our actions now respect fundamental human rights , which is an essential component of the European Constitution . 
we approve the EU police and õigusmissiooni sending to support the Kosovo authorities . 
in view of this , the Council asked the Council Presidency and the Commission , in cooperation with the SIS II in the context of the task force and consultation with the relevant bodies to present to the Council a report , which contains a detailed assessment of the two on a solution and their comparison . 
therefore , we should open itself up to the citizens of Belarus and make them a visa application easier . 
recently , the Chief Official Ethics Commission of the Republic of Lithuania the leader of the Polish minority and a Member of the European Parliament Valdemar Tomaševskit for having submitted a José Manuel Barroso a question about respect for the rights of minorities . 
once again , I would like to thank the two rapporteurs , Mr Grosch and Mrs Ţicău for the constructive exchange of views - . 
the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia : progress report 2008 ( vote ) 
( SK ) protection of minorities is undoubtedly one of the most important principles and my home country , the Slovak Republic , is for the minorities guaranteed really exceptionally high standard of protection of . 
we look forward to the rapid development in this matter , including on the issue of minimum income , that people are able to live a dignified life . 
the new common agricultural policy must strongly support - and this is what we actually do - farmers &apos; incomes in the first pillar , and support measures for rural development , increasing investment in agriculture and food security . 
at the same time as the number of countries in the world have already introduced immigration policy , which is quite satisfactory results , is delaying the greater part of our countries of their choices . 
as you all know , the Member States have the possibility to introduce a peak times higher infrastruktuurimaksud . 
therefore , we in Europe must not be afraid of criticism of the Israelis and Palestinians . 
it must be recognised that there is a real &apos; à la carte Europe ’ threat , but given the reluctance of some Member States , which has its roots in their national identity , we must act . 
so it is very much in the countries of the major dealers whose productivity allows sell on several sõidukimarki - for example , in the United Kingdom - and this is also so in sparsely populated areas where the dealers are economically logical to sell the same place different sõidukimarke . 
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the report by Mr Christensen has made an important contribution to the development of the original document . 
us , the Belgian Members , was elected at the time of the food crisis , which was involved chickens , PCBs and similar problems . one of the Commission &apos;s initial proposals was the White Paper on food safety , which was made , I think 83 proposal to ensure food safety in the European Union . 
in writing . - the UK and other European countries relations with the US is still our biggest strategic priority for decades . 
we cannot exclude the possibility of human errors or technical malfunctions and therefore play an important role both raudteeohutuses . 
each pack is still one of the EU funded cigarette . 
it is possible to achieve , in particular , small and medium-sized enterprises , with the support of the Member States of the economy , which is one of the main constructive forces . 
as we each one can imagine , means each passing day in captivity the terrible suffering Shalit and his family . 
you have the right to do so , because it is , in fact , simply in accordance with the Association Agreement and the commitments that Tunisia is taken in front of the European Union . 
we are talking about here for promotion of entrepreneurship ; we are talking about the fact that the operators must be allowed to the European Union to develop . 
I voted in favour of the proposal to extend the Article 186 to include milk , too , that the European Commission would be able to respond to the crisis situation quickly , because it establishes an instrument which is important to use . 
the role of forests in the European Union energeetikastrateegias is also an important point , because now is not used as a source of renewable energy sufficient use of the potential of forests . 
moreover , it means the failure of the lessons of the previous approach . 
Madam President , our issues are included in the aim to highlight the benefits , which our citizens can count on such meetmetepaketist and what we can provide for such a package adopted . 
however , the migratory flows affecting the Member States differently . 
I agree with the general approach of the report and , in particular , the statement that the European Union must steadfastly to promote humanitarian principles . 
in particular , natural resources and biodiversity in relation to offer the outermost regions for European research good access to tropical ecosystems , which is a unique biodiversity and agriculture . 
( DE ) Mr President , the issue is that we , the European Union , following a clear strategy and would prevent gold or vääriskivipalavikku . 
I said earlier that we are carefully monitoring new technologies , which will hopefully we simplify procedures . 
the question is this . 
we should not allow an themselves ropes , so that continue to allow the posted workers only minimum standards . 
now it is time to evaluate the situation , but it is clear that , just kriisiaegse by assessing the need to find the tools to move forward . 
improving the quality of the water , transport and tourism functioning and agriculture go hand in hand . 
since this is my last debate Meglena Kuneva , I would like to express my gratitude that , our cooperation has been so incredibly pleasant . 
Europe cannot afford the luxury of that gives up the opportunity to produce an alternative gas , which could be used in the EU , while at the same time , the North Sea conventional gas reserves are being depleted . 
since the new regulations be introduced gradually and also the governors of the central banks and supervisory authorities of the group leaders on 12 September 2010 notified as a result of the activation of these advantages , unfortunately , only just over time . 
until we have not made progress in these areas , the cost of any damages of innocent taxpayers to pay the costs . 
the creation of the European Research Area , which I fully support , is , in fact , it is precisely this point - that we all know what we are doing , and that we combine scientific expertise , which we across Europe have already . 
obese diabeetilisel mother is obese children and it is spreading from generation to generation . 
the future is not built one country divided up as distribution ; the future is built the economic recovery , the different communities and cultures , and mutual recognition of the introduction of the legislation . 
it is hard to imagine how the United States would otherwise be paid these enormous debts , which it is only now takes , and how he inflation , the value of money at the time of the weakening of the deteriorating meets its ability to pay its debts and normalise its overpriced assets . 
it is interesting that we are discussing this issue in the run-up to the G20 meeting . 
( DE ) Madam President , Commissioner , Mr Radwan , ladies and gentlemen , I welcome the report and the debate warmly , because I believe that we sondeerime some very sensitive issue and it really erakonnaüleselt . 
I would now like to ask us speak with the European Commission President José Manuel Barroso Durćo . 
but you have changed very much open this debate . 
as they are amended , it becomes difficult to understand which provision is currently in force . 
that is why the report calls for the European Commission to carry out more in-depth monitoring and periodically to draw up rakendusaruandeid . 
we are pleased that you will support the Commission in these technical matters . 
( NL ) Madam President , first of all , I would like to wholeheartedly congratulate Mr Mr Becsey and also to thank him for the excellent kaasatöötamise , which we enjoy micro-credit in respect of the report . 
of course , the European Parliament cannot võluvitsa swing and to put an end to the conflict , but I can assure you that Parliament puts human rights during this year discussed at the heart of the revision of the status of Israel . 
it is therefore very important to call on all the conflicting parties to cease hostilities , that the people of these regions can return to living in peace . 
I would like to draw attention to the fact that the exchange of PNR data is regulated by the Agreement of 2007 between the European Union and the United States of America . 
( PL ) in September 2007 , the European Parliament and of the Council on the basis of the 2006 decision and in relation to the Nabucco gas pipeline - among other things - of the matter , the appointment of a European coordinator of the project , namely Josias Van Aartsen . 
many other perpetrators are still at large and some even still live in Bosnia and Herzegovina paljaksriisutud among the families of the victims . 
when concluding free trade agreements means that allow Europe to bring the products that do not meet our social and environmental standards , is the reform of the common agricultural policy pointless . 
the structure is there and environmental targets in place , but the Member States &apos; activities has weakened the effect of these instruments . 
for a long time there has been talk about improving working conditions for women , but , unfortunately , nothing has changed . 
Greece is one of the Member States , where there are still significant problems with the proper implementation of the Directive . 
on behalf of the UEN Group . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , a little while ago , I heard the Maltese colleague very serious and even libellous statements of the Italian Government and specifically Minister Maroni address . 
today , we have to be honest on the margins on this issue . 
in this regard , the Commission would really have had to move faster . 
pension systems come under the competence of the Member States . 
of course , we are aware of the service of a sui generis nature , which reflects the High Representative / Vice-President of the Commission &apos;s role , as we know anything , that service must not combine all the services of the Commission , that the different areas of its external action - and which is not confined to the Common Foreign and Security Policy - uses , starting with the development cooperation . 
the EU &apos;s position and obligations in relation to the mittenakkavate disease prevention and control of the UN high-level meeting ( 
I think that his report shows that the European Parliament wants , in any event , in this area to see much more efforts . 
I think that we should recognise the particular also by Commissioner Barrot , the Directorate-General and the approach adopted by the German Presidency . 
namely , it is recognised English by notarial documents on the continent , but to the same extent as it is recognised by the laws of England . 
each of the proposal is excellent . 
Turkey is our most valuable , more obvious and persuasive example of the functioning of democracy in the Arab world and , of course , an example of õitsvast economy . 
ECVET will present the additional funds for the transposition of interpretation and , using common methodological framework in order to promote õppimistulemuste transfer from one system to another . 
whether these binding targets are indeed it an excellent solution , which they always praises ? 
the Green Paper , the Commission proposes a right of modernising , simplifying and improving legal certainty for the purposes of achieving . 
the children of mediation seksuaaleesmärkidel should be treated as a crime . 
in addition , the need to continue with the implementation of policies that support , where appropriate , the individual common organisation of the market . 
it should be on a financial transaction tax and to introduce eurobonds . 
the words alone will not help us to achieve progress . 
( FI ) Mr President , please excuse me before the vote the incident after ! 
we are independent , in order to provide the price stability kaaskodanikule 330 million . 
the brain drain problem would also be able to better address and , therefore , I &apos;m going to abstain , despite the positive aspects of the report . 
you will not listen to any argument : it is completely incomprehensible . 
it must also be to raise public awareness of the risks associated with the use of pesticides . 
they don &apos;t understand these things . 
for this reason , is not the creation of the Media Council , in our view , a sensible thing to do . 
the common agricultural policy has to change , if it wishes to find answers to the new challenges , such as climate change , increasing demand for energy , an increase in the population of the world and openness in the increase in global markets . 
the main donor commitments are the following : the beneficiary countries abilootuste better planning of three to five years in advance ; public administrations and organisations in partner countries ; the use of the transition to the third countries of the political tingimustelt imposed by the developing countries themselves set sihtmärkidel results-based conditions . 
we know that this will be followed by the foreign policy complications , because it is an international law trampled tallamisega in a completely grey zone . 
