in my opinion , it was entirely inappropriate for the European Investment Bank not to express its respect for the procedures introduced by Parliament , but instead sought to influence it through a political debate .
the new protocol which the Commission is now presenting to us contains very tight limits with regard to air transport .
finally , I would like to call on the Commissioner to increase the amount of de minimis aid to all areas of life , despite the fact that today &apos;s national security authorities , as requested in the European Parliament resolution of 17 September , are requested .
in this context , the European programme of the Earth monitoring process may prove to be a new opportunity for the European Union in order to promote the development of the digital economy ( particularly in the digital age ) , to the public , creating jobs and developing innovation , to improve the quality of life and to raise the security of the public and , finally , to create synergies with other sectors that can provide valuable opportunities for small and medium-sized enterprises .
we are all aware of the rise in energy poverty , which is a combination of lower and low incomes .
I also believe that they should continue until clear evidence of the improvement of the situation in Zimbabwe .
Mr Monnet and Mr Schuman were very encouraging people .
this package is of fundamental importance for the future of Europe &apos;s future prosperity .
we also wish to open a dialogue with Russia on the quality of democracy in that country and , in particular , to address the problems that occurred recently with regard to the elections to the elections and to discuss the position of Russia on this issue .
but thanks to good cooperation between Parliament , the Commission and Member States , an agreement has finally been reached .
Mr President , Miguel UNK does not really have to proceed .
this is the only way in which preventive measures are taken and , at the same time , the European Union can seize the opportunities to raise the birth rate policy .
however , the use of a ban on financial transactions is legally limited .
Mr Schulz should not try to convince us that he is only his social Europe .
the fisheries sector is of strategic importance to such areas , both in terms of the supply of public finances , the guarantee of employment and the economic sustainability of fishing communities .
I believe that the overall commitment of each country to reduce emissions by 2020 should be determined by the maximum level of emissions from emissions , of course , without being limited to transnational suppliers .
macro-financial assistance ( MFA ) (
the Commission &apos;s Committee on Legal Affairs has put forward a legislative term in order to obtain permission for a job to be adopted in the Commission after their term of office .
it is , of course , necessary to find a solution for themselves in Cyprus .
there are still insufficient human , technical and financial resources for its mission to the Congo .
four questions arise : the first , which has already been raised in this debate , is , of course , with regard to the issuing of a legal licence ; I heard the Commissioner expressed his fear of a bad preparation in relation to his licence .
Cyprus , too , dealt with quite a number of speeches .
however , I supported the amendment to paragraph 32 , which introduced the concept of a European civil protection force .
that concludes Question Time .
first of all , taxation : every single Member State has the right of veto , be it a single tax base , tax harmonisation or any other , and that will continue to be the case following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon .
I think that the procedure that you have put in place to abolish the rules for serious breach of the rules will have a major potential force in the event of an appropriate nature .
I also welcome the compromise amendments concerning free legal assistance .
first of all , the integration of the third pillar of the area of freedom , security and justice should be as quick and as extensive as possible .
in addition to these very pertinent remarks , I would like to emphasise two points .
traceability and protection of the origin of donors and of human rights defenders also deserve particular attention .
the answers will , of course , only be one thing : to put an end to any negotiations with Turkey immediately .
this is why I am calling on the G20 to speak up in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
the percentage of intelligent transport systems in the field of road safety is also discussed at the informal city of Transport Ministers at the end of April at the end of April .
we need independent institutions working at European level and able to monitor and ensure that the Member States do not comply with the principle of equal treatment not only in theory , but also take concrete steps to effectively implement this directive .
mid-term review of the European Environment and Health Action Plan 2006-2010 (
it plays a vital role in providing detailed information on the public and private sector of this sector .
if , however , we refuse to accept illegal , secret immigrants , this is the reason for trafficking in human beings and organised crime .
I appreciate the determination of the French Presidency ; the Presidency has made every effort to reach an agreement .
thirdly , may I make a very specific point .
owing to certain political circumstances , this agreement was not an end to this agreement , but it is a decisive text , as it contains - and I personally see it in this House - the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union .
the problem of the central problem of Nigeria is not just that Christians have been killed , because in January of this year , Christians have been killed .
it is all I can tell you at this point , but perhaps later , when the debate on the Eastern Partnership begins to be discussed , I will be able to go into detail .
in that case , carriers would be responsible for the loss and damage of passengers with regard to sexual abuse , which are currently regulated by other modes of transport .
now on Wednesday , the joint delegation from the Presidency and the Commission will be travelling to the Council .
in my opinion , this is not only a task for the Commission , but it is also the work of Members of Parliament to ensure the involvement of the relevant unions , trade unions , workers , and of small and medium-sized enterprises in this debate as soon as possible .
the European Parliament supports it in its difficult task .
for these reasons , I would gladly take a resolution in which Parliament clearly opposes the missile defence system .
such information has been given , although late , but I still do not think it is enough .
the problem that was discussed in committee was essentially the following : both the European Union election year of 1976 and the Treaty of Lisbon are demanding that Members of the European Parliament are consulted directly by the citizens of different nations .
they have supported the functioning of the financial market , contributing to a more balanced fiscal framework , enabling better conditions to be better placed on the real economy , if only through an increase in interest rates , could be better placed on the real economy .
the signing of the Nabucco Treaty , mentioned by Mr Barroso , was also the result of the work of the Czech Presidency .
what can we really do ?
we have appointed a coordinating person in the action of terrorism and then , without a clear explanation , we will be able to do without that person .
nevertheless , I shall pass on your concern to the Committee on Regional Policy for social policy , so that this question can be thoroughly investigated .
however , we have already said that tough criteria will be set for the next step .
as regards the external dimension of culture - culture in our external relations - I think we have a duty to give this dimension .
however , let us call a spade a spade : today , in the streets of Egypt , demonstrators have used violence , not demonstrators !
in writing . - ( PL ) Lithuania is currently going through a difficult period because , with the financial and economic crisis , there has been an enormous drop in the price of cereals , and financial speculation is Lithuania &apos;s citizens with a very heavy chance of buying or building a loan .
as I have already said , we must ensure , in particular , with regard to waste or hazardous waste , to ensure that implementation of the Convention is fully in line with Regulation ( EC ) No UNK / 2006 , which was adopted relatively recently .
this call is now reflected in the joint motion for a resolution .
likewise , with regard to the humanitarian side - and there is also an answer to your question by Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou - many of them now end up in Gaza .
we can prove it !
this is why we must move forward in the negotiations in order to guarantee Turkey &apos;s accession , as the country is playing an important role in the reconciliation of the Israeli and Palestinian conflicts , as well as the establishment of a consensus between Iraq and Iran .
this is not only one of the business models of many young people , but will enable them , in their part , to become aware in the European Union for the fact that they feel themselves as second-class European citizens , with each own identity , but who are united in diversity .
at the same time , it is good to see that it has revealed that it is in the hands of those of us in the European Parliament who are members of the Treaty of Lisbon .
SMEs must be able to act unhindered and swiftly .
its greatest merit is that it is a question of solidarity for farmers .
Mr President , may I take the floor on a procedural issue .
for example , this directive obliges airports to consult air carriers before they are concerned .
we live in a united Union , however , and we have a common monetary policy and a common currency .
as the events of the last few weeks have shown , Pakistan continues to be the scene of terrorism and extremism .
is there a contract of a country of origin or a UNK policy ?
finally , does this group of origin need to be applied to the use of genetically modified plants that produce UNK ?
following the analysis of legal and illegal immigration , the Committee on Civil Liberties has pointed out that the demands of an ageing society and the labour market require a coherent and complex immigration policy .
the second issue that I would like to mention concerns us , the European Union .
this budget provides an excellent opportunity for Member States to find markets within and outside Europe .
this is an excellent idea and I am only pleased about that .
we are pleased that we will receive an answer from the European Commission today in this House .
only a short time can be stopped by means of a legal system .
my third and final point is that , today , budget policy has played a great deal to play a role , a more strategic role than monetary policy .
this report seeks to respond to the Commission &apos;s recent Green Paper on the European semester , and to describe Parliament &apos;s priorities in this area .
in conclusion , I would like to emphasise that we need a new form of fisheries agreements , including a human rights clause .
( RO ) I very much welcome the data protection agreement between the EU and the US , which we must definitely support in order to make cooperation with regard to the fight against crime and terrorism more effective .
in a sense of solidarity , the values of Western civilisation defended the values of their religious faith .
the European Union should work on this aim .
as many of you know , John Bowis was recently ill in Brussels and was involved in hospital .
economic governance must be strengthened in partnership with strengthening of democratic legitimacy in the decisions taken .
in my opinion , Germany should now take the lead and move towards a common European asylum policy .
the Hungarian Presidency held regular negotiations with the very limited majority of the Council .
on behalf of the PPE Group . - ( HU ) In addition to implementation of international and national anti-discrimination laws , as we have just heard from Commissioner Verheugen , particular emphasis must be placed on the inclusion of Roma in Córdoba , because their integration into the labour market and education is an interest in the economic interests of the Member States .
the negative effects of economic growth and employment are severe enough and will affect the achievement of the Lisbon goals in the Member States today .
however , in order for the European Union &apos;s strategy on the rights of the child to be more effective and applied jointly in all 27 Member States , this should specifically provide for implementing measures , which will be supported not only by the Member States but also by the European Union .
personally , I am in a position to do here .
for example , in Article 43 ( 1 ) of the Treaty of Lisbon , the tasks of the European Union are in force .
these funds , which have not been exploited in the course of the programme under the programme , are falling .
we therefore have to help them to create a system of governance , which will result in new forms of cooperation and create new opportunities to improve living standards .
the EU must make a firm and effective influence in the United Nations extended system , with a view to identifying a common position , and the EU must also increase flexibility with regard to energy issues in order to enable a faster and more effective response in the context of the major issues that arise .
- Ladies and gentlemen , because we did not have a little time , I can give the floor to a few other points in the list .
appointment of a Member of the Court of Auditors ( UNK de UNK , Netherlands ) (
among these are the initiative of the European Centre for the Protection of Culture and Cooperation in Europe .
all of these have been the object of late and unacceptable actions of the Italian Government , who , unfortunately , have realised that Italy is in crisis .
so I am not going to do that and I am simply saying that it is an example of the fact that , once again , we are trying to make our citizens work and residence in the rest of countries .
we must listen to their concerns and react to them .
I also insist that at least part of these appropriations will be used for preventive action which would help to reduce road accidents , as this is too long for many of the requests for assistance .
this is not the direction in which we should move , and that is why we need to think about these issues at national level and , in particular , introduce a system which will enable farmers and people to buy quality and healthy food at an affordable price .
the resolution expressed sympathy for the suffering of the Palestinian population , because the EU and the United States are part of the problem .
I am pleased to note the work done by the UNK plan and the rights of patients with disabilities .
as far as I know , one of the European Parliament &apos;s members has a mandate to control the executive powers .
however , young people are fighting against the army and the police against the police and , wholeheartedly , we are stepping up our diplomatic contacts with the military authorities .
do you also have the potential to support the security situation ?
a number of you , particularly the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , have asked me for the methodology applied in this context , as Mr Rasmussen has just said .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , I would like to thank everyone for their speeches and make two brief statements .
finally , I believe we must ensure that this assistance is more effective .
we represent a billion people , and if we achieve an agreement , we will be able to influence the world &apos;s development positively .
there is a general debate in which we all agree , and then there is the urgency problem that is to be resolved .
with regard to measures to ensure compliance with environmental protection measures , ships engaged in illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing can use air transport .
lastly , I am very pleased that one of the most important roles has been met by a woman , not only because of gender equality , but also thanks to his great satisfaction .
the new agreement should confirm that there is a balance between these fundamental rights , but also in terms of equal treatment , proportionality and a minimum level of protection .
we clearly prefer a diplomatic solution instead of a military solution , a negotiated solution .
at its level of development aid , the EU is already the main beneficiary of Somalia , with reference to an average and long-term aid to a peaceful and peaceful society .
last but not least , because 20 % of the total value of transport is due to transport , we will have to move in the direction of short market measures , particularly in agriculture , which will lead to job creation in our own countries and the reduction in our emissions in developing countries .
after all , there is a facility .
I hope that this experience will also change with you and a number of others in the Czech Republic .
first of all , I would like to ask about the administrative burden of small and medium-sized enterprises .
in relation to what has been said by my colleague , Mrs De Keyser , that is to say to General Motors , I would like to ask the Commission if it will take precautions in the event of a possible collapse in the market situation .
exceptional measures were required in order to resolve the exceptional situation .
unanimity is a system that allows for a few years to be imposed on everyone .
the Community method is the message .
I am therefore of the opinion that we need a partnership agreement , and a forthcoming summit should guide us on the right path .
if you are able to rely on the information that I have from the last one of the last years , I would really like to look at the specific details in order to refute your argument .
the debate is closed .
in writing . - ( FI ) Ladies in White is mothers and women in prison .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( PL ) Mr President , I , too , would like to convey a warm welcome to the Commissioner to the Commissioner and I believe that we are working together and working together well .
we are not doing so well prepared for Japan and we have practically no direct cross-border problems , such as financial problems , for example .
their turnover could increase if we eventually created a Community patent , thereby preventing the intellectual property of small companies created by cheap business .
the amount of EUR 146 million available under the amended proposal will have to be channelled to projects which will have a rapid , measurable and real effect on the recovery of the economy .
these reports are therefore very relevant , because through them we can create a framework agreement on this extremely important issue .
so , give us leadership .
for this reason , farmers should not be afraid of these restrictions , as this obliges the industry to move closer to competitive places where animals are grown .
I believe that the Commission must take the necessary steps to modernise the railway infrastructure in such a way that it provides pan-European services and at the same time establish a system of cooperation among the parties to the construction of the old rail infrastructure or rail network , and helping Member States to mitigate the problems arising from the different legal systems , and by providing the necessary financial assistance .
( applause )
the war against workers , for self-employed persons and for opposition parties is a strategic decision of the bourgeois governments and of the EU to support the profitability of capital .
it creates the foundations for a new environmentally friendly agreement which will enhance the European Union &apos;s competitiveness at international level .
the market in green goods and services should also be reduced by 2020 ; this will create enormous opportunities for green jobs .
since this approach was expressed in the European Council in March , the European Commission has actively participated in defining good practice in the work of the International Monetary Fund and the OECD .
I would like to clarify in more detail how the Commission will be given the opportunity to comment on projects in the Member States before they are able to do so with the national budgets in the future .
this regulation establishes a Community legal framework for informing the Commission on energy , gas , electricity and biofuel infrastructures , and the energy strategy for the storage of carbon dioxide .
the next item is the statement by the Commission on VAT fraud in Hungary .
they said that the enhanced cooperation , currently involving 25 Member States , may be used as a catalyst for the Single Market .
( PL ) Mr President .
a number of good examples are already in place at the moment and should be made more visible .
the UNK base that we have been calling for in the Arab world is not different from those of the countries that are now facing up to date , from which we hope to have a democratic environment .
there is a lack of proportionality , every war , and every single one is too high , and it is not possible to balance one party with another .
thus , with regard to certain issues , the Treaty of Lisbon has made a commitment to cooperating with national parliaments .
certainly , however , this information has not reached the usual point of day , who has the impression that Greece &apos;s membership of the euro area is given to the whole of Greece .
we had a Hungarian Prime Minister of the Hungarian Prime Minister who has taken over the post of President of the Council , and I would now ask the Hungarian Presidency to continue with the good work that was begun at the time when the Belgian Presidency was Belgium .
let me just give you just one example of the collection of data , which will probably affect my colleagues .
furthermore , there is the question of the efficiency of the funds .
in addition , the EU must pay more attention to the situation of its trade partners in the area of human rights .
I have visited Romania and other countries in Eastern Europe , and I am familiar with a great deal .
in writing . - I believe that , despite the situation in Egypt , the European Parliament has the power to continue with the approval of this Treaty which should make life easier for companies without making any political comments about the current government of Egypt .
she already has a maximum mandate and it can approve the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
with regard to the far-reaching consequences of ratings , there is an inevitable need to intervene intensively in the area .
for these reasons , our approval is worthy of all approaches on this urgent economic and strategic question .
it deals with the mobility of young people , but its added value is that it provides education which meets the needs of the labour market and ensures the necessary skills and knowledge .
the number of rights of job vacancies is among the top priorities of the European Union , and is being used to assess the conditions of employment in the labour market in the European Union and the euro area within the framework of the Action Plan of Economic and Monetary Union .
if there is different positions on the part of the International Monetary Fund , and when the debates should continue , interest rates will automatically rise .
Prime Minister , as you said , even after the Spanish Presidency , we intend to maintain the same very strong position on the Community method .
as a result , more people died in one country than they are in the world .
I would like to express my firm belief that the debate that has begun here must also lead to a change of direction , as usual .
what we have in Europe is reprehensible - UNK or interference with the rule of law - now forces globalisation now .
our Ombudsman has worked hard and in a balanced way in examining complaints .
I would like the Commission to consider the fact that the IRA thought that it is a sensible one , and whether it really is sensible .
it is also clear that the expulsion of doctors and nurses working in the hospitals must be treated as a basic condition of workers who work at home , which is , in fact , merely an obligation to be committed .
we need to promote the food chain and the standards at European level that farmers must honour .
youth unemployment in France is 24 % , 25 % in Italy and 39 % in Spain .
in my opinion , this is the result of some of the fears of some countries which want to carry out an UNK business in this part of Africa , while we welcome and agree with the opening of the Olympic Games in China .
I believe that cofinancing cofinancing should continue in the coming years too , given their effectiveness and the new , simpler legal framework that we are discussing today .
the truth , which makes us better people to build our country , is that , in the context of this fight , I have tried to be guided by the words of the first UNK , by UNK words : &apos; UNK up your UNK ! &apos;
the report on corporate governance in financial institutions provides for a series of measures to be applied to finance financial institutions in companies which operate .
Mr Gargani will submit an oral report on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs on this issue .
the Baltic Sea Strategy is not intended to create new institutions .
manufacturers will be able to solve all of these issues in order to solve them with a considerable amount of savings .
membership of Parliament : see Minutes
in writing . - ( LT ) I support this resolution and welcome all the observations made by the Committee on Budgets .
the interim agreements do not yet cover all the countries in the ACP region .
1 .
representatives of civil society can deal with their social issues , which the groups represented in the European Parliament cannot or should not raise .
my country , Estonia , is an excellent example of a successful transition from pension funds to pension funds .
what is important is that the treatment obtained by a Member State in another Member State is based on proven and objective urgency to prevent national health systems from being reduced at excessive cost , which will clearly reduce their effectiveness .
these are fine words , not mine .
I am aware that it is difficult to keep it , but there will be nowhere near the global market .
you are certainly aware that in the last 20 years , the number of animals used for scientific purposes has not increased , despite the fact that the number of scientific expertise in research has doubled in number one two years .
( RO ) Mr President , I find it regrettable that there is no official statistics on rural areas and rural areas , and that the only UNK data are based on a legal system .
I was pleased to hear that and welcome it .
you clearly said that you are prepared to change that , and I hope you will go in that direction .
financial contribution to the EU for the International Fund for Ireland ( 2010 ) (
( PL ) Mr President , a common policy on milk and milk products is an important issue for both Member States and the European Union as a whole .
in order to reject this amendment , we have voted against the final draft regulation .
the Green Paper on consumer protection did not raise all of these issues , but they are addressed in this report .
it is unacceptable for countries such as China to use raw materials as a political weapon .
in addition , the project will provide a good basis for creating an integrated policy framework which will guarantee protection against tax havens .
we are not prepared to deal with an issue that is the ones who suffer most - disabled persons , children or the elderly .
in order to solve the problems related to Georgia , we must not forget that 20 % of Georgian territory is still occupied .
the question , then , is whether we promise body scanners or not .
the 2007 Green Paper on &apos; Towards a new culture of urban mobility &apos; was thus defined in the areas of potential additional additional additional measures at Community level in order to promote organic and safer cities , as well as more efficient and more sustainable management systems .
the European Union should strive for clarity and effectiveness through a legal framework .
at the same time , we understand the complexity of that vast country and I would like to express my deep sympathy to the victims of numerous vulnerable victims in India .
more than 60 % are below , and that is why , in addition to the necessary conditions for essential survival , more attention should also be paid to education and health care , in addition to essential survival .
all the parties involved have made enormous efforts to prevent this text from being returned to the Court .
it is no longer just a right but also a duty to act and negotiate , as well as condemning and sanctions to be imposed if both parties are at risk of peace .
the solutions to be applied to the problem of mutual recognition of authentic acts by Member States have meant that the mobility of these documents is complex and that there are limits to the number of fine documents .
( applause )
I therefore welcome this resolution on asylum , which has participated in a series of public organisations and which provides for a code of conduct for the purpose of carrying out a common European asylum system .
I therefore think that we must be sensible and vigilant on this issue in this matter , and I would certainly like to review the proposal in the course of four years of implementation , with a view to the full harmonisation of air services in the meantime .
a very large part of your text has been incorporated into the report , and I think it is a disgrace that you are now sitting in .
( RO ) Mr President , the increase in natural disasters and their consequences is one of the greatest challenges facing the European Union today .
today &apos;s decision coincides with the International Climate Change Convention in Poznań , Poland .
author . - ( CS ) Mr President , the macro-regional strategies are primarily a political instrument that represents one of the potential forms of regional cooperation .
protection of women , especially during pregnancy and when they are increasing children , must be a requirement so that children can use their basic rights from the outset .
not only is the dramatic effects of the national economy , the environment and well-being disastrous .
it is now forcing the Commission to change the laws of the Orbán Government .
with this agreement , companies already under control of more than 80 % of the world &apos;s energy markets , even though the Commission agrees , have already sought in this agreement , even more than 80 % of the world &apos;s financial market .
Mr President , we found that it would not be fair to just mention one of the key issues , so we would like to call for a reference to the Kosovo authorities .
the future of Russia is linked to the future of Europe , and it must be developed in a more sustainable way , without complacency and despite the many difficulties that are currently being experienced .
Sudan and the International Criminal Court ( vote )
action taken on Parliament &apos;s positions and resolutions : see Minutes
I would like to echo the words of the honourable Member who have spoken about the debate and the interesting content of the debate .
it would be necessary for the EU to review its policies and reform .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the debate on the Services Directive in the European Parliament has sent an unprecedented public political debate .
the Commission &apos;s proposal , in which the big brother states that the school fruit should be shared , with a priority for the diversity of fruit , so that children can find out different health risks is absolutely ridiculous .
today and tomorrow , the European Parliament expresses its solidarity with the Tibetan people .
I would like to mention to you that the draft directive includes improvements to important aspects of the implementing regulation : exchanges of information between the authorities , the submission of requirements and the feedback that the European Commission demands for the monitoring of the increasing number of events in the number of Member States &apos; cases of fraud .
I hope that the Union will be able to respond effectively to this important task .
Mr President , Mr President , I am sorry to me if it seems to be the case at this time of fact .
others are very important , and here I would like to thank Commissioner Vassiliou , who is here today , with a law for the development of the Valencia urban development , in which Mr McCreevy and his team acted efficiently to protect child pornography .
employees are fighting for victims who are satisfactory for their needs with quality clean services .
we have just adopted Mr Lehtinen &apos;s report .
Vice-President of the Commission . - In Greece , I cannot respond because I do not know about the details .
( RO ) The Commission &apos;s initiative to extend the principle of equal treatment to other vulnerable areas by means of a general directive , which prohibits discrimination on the grounds of disability , age , religion , religion and belief , and sexual orientation , is fundamentally necessary in order to finalise the package of anti-discrimination legislation at long last .
by increasing public awareness of prevention and the importance of healthy lifestyles , the potential risk of reducing the disease is cheaper than their treatment .
the package itself is good ; there is no doubt about that .
I believe we have to react very strongly to any form of action against Taiwan .
I would first like to thank the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs for the report , which includes areas such as climate change , the alleviation of poverty and the general development .
we therefore propose the future financial perspective for the Europe 2020 strategy .
I agree with many of you who referred to the need to emphasise the important role of local parties and the involvement of civil society .
that must be very clear .
the Ombudsman has not had information until October 2010 .
however , there are relatively few countries in this House who have remained untouched in the form of totalitarianism , one or another form of totalitarianism .
it came to Ireland and a third Bulgarian project .
that is why the Commission continues to increase its support in key areas such as rural development , agricultural development , housing , education and health .
the proposal also provides for fathers to take two weeks &apos; leave , so that they can be in contact with their wife at the earliest possible time .
I am thinking of the role of human rights in Europe and , in particular , the role of the European Council .
I could go further , but then we would have been here for a long time .
it is not good translation , because people think &apos; united &apos; .
Europe must also continue to do what it can to deal with current challenges and I believe that we have reason to be sure of ourselves .
in this context , the Commission &apos;s proposal does not clearly state the situations that are demanding a reduction or suspension of agricultural subsidies .
the aim of the European Asylum Support Office is to give the Member States more competence and to contribute to the application of a consistent and high-quality common European asylum policy .
the vote will take place shortly .
it is not a heavy burden but an opportunity for us to develop in order to change .
it is a disproportionate reduction in its existence at the lowest point .
we have established practices .
I would like to say to everyone who constantly claim that the European budget is in serious danger : the European expenditure should certainly be controlled by the Member States than the Member States .
that is how we give manufacturers the opportunity to understand what they are buying .
the real question is : does Airbus continue to develop and not produce its aircraft .
that is all about the first question .
flexible working time must be applied to promote services which support women and give them a chance of freedom of choice and a sense of responsibility .
I call on the Commission to take the necessary measures to ensure that Community law is always respected .
both the legal service of Parliament and the European Data Protection Supervisor have referred to the dangers of relocations , with a foreign service provider in the area of diplomatic protection .
five years ago , two candidates failed , this year .
I myself live in a country where 500 000 people live .
however , the Commission still needs to carry out a very clear study of the impact of the liberalisation of postal services , which is likely to be an indicator of employment .
and , if I may give you one example to fisheries , the fact that we have outermost regions in the Indian Ocean , such as La Rochelle , is an example of the way in which we can speak directly in the existing regional fisheries agreements and what we are trying to develop in this area of energy .
however , we have no intention of allowing them to leave us with this great UNK .
the ordinary citizen of the EU , who does not use direct payment , has nothing to do with that .
in June , Vice-President Almunia will submit a report to you in June 2010 .
however , the issue we want to do is to raise awareness , to give people information about their pensions , so we also need food safety .
the Presidency was satisfied with the solution to this issue , and I would like to read the appropriate statement of the Hungarian Presidency , which is also supported by members of Poland , Denmark and Cyprus .
since tax policy is not common with regard to taxation policy , tax competition is creating problems with reduced rates of supply and tax competition .
in my view , this is a very comprehensive proposal , which will involve a wide range of aspects to ensure that safety is taken into account in all areas of road infrastructure , in all areas of education , in the case of UNK and UNK .
all EU Member States signed an unprecedented UN Convention on the Rights of the Child but , in many respects of the rights of the child , we in Europe are scarcely entering a corner .
I fully support the trend towards a more realistic and realistic economy and , of course , the full implementation of the Water Framework Directive , for which I was involved in a few years ago , when the rapporteur was the rapporteur for my former colleague Mr UNK Austria .
all this is true of the 2009 budget , the amount of which is EUR UNK billion , and the volume of payment appropriations is EUR UNK billion , and the budget is not so big .
it should be pointed out that , of course , there are cultural and religious values which continue to do this practice , and that is a sensitive issue in the country , but it really wanted development and I believe it is important .
that is the way they have been approved in such a way .
we must take steps in this way in order to limit the actions of this kind .
at that time , the European Parliament was also very active and attentive .
for us , this is also the next five years for a lasting transition period to maintain political interest and to put pressure on Member States to apply the directive .
I insist that the Commission does not notice - if that is his intention - with the Italian agreement , with a similar agreement , because we have seen what will be the consequences of such an agreement .
we need to be careful , because if we begin to carry out checks and analyses after the approval of information for the sake of the authorisation procedure , then we will lose out of business and , with life and death at stake , the speed is above all .
could the Commission outline its position on the aforementioned and similar projects throughout the EU ?
I would also like to share the sentiments of my fellow Members who had the opportunity today to congratulate the Irish people for giving such a clear signal to their decision to elect a European integration process at a political level .
there is currently no coherent and concerted EU policy on the EU &apos;s external action , and this must be developed .
the European Commission often tells Member States that they will have to be able to control public finances quickly .
the vote will take place on Tuesday , 24 March 2009 .
the Commission wants to be able , tomorrow , to prepare a draft directive on cross-border health care .
· UNK in new technologies - industry raises problems but with the help of new technologies can solve them .
the delegation of Estonia - a member of Estonia , the National Assembly of Estonia - took a declaration on the restoration of statehood after 50 years of Soviet occupation after 50 years of Soviet occupation .
the Dutch press on body scanners has caused great indignation .
it is far too premature to make any conclusions about the necessary changes .
as a result of the fact that there are four UNK people per capita , in 2050 the figure will fall by half .
stronger global problems .
we do not agree with this resolution , as well as the desire to establish a European civil defence force , such as the desire to adopt a credible stance : it ignores the sovereignty of Member States and the rights of their sovereignty and integrity .
an increase in growth , which would remain a strong indicator of the inflation rate , would serve the European citizens with a necessary legitimacy in the eyes of European citizens .
I am also in favour of the idea that monitoring the supervision should be provided with a view to safety .
however , we must also ensure that we act in accordance with the results of the stress tests .
Commissioner Barnier will deal with this issue .
for fishing communities , we are currently in the midst of a difficult period characterised by a reduction in fish stocks .
the Lithuanian Government also calls on the Government not to do more to deal with the legislative amendments and to include the reasons for sexual orientation .
I support this report , which proposes a new comprehensive policy approach against gender-based violence , which includes the following : the creation of a specific instrument to combat gender-based violence ; the training of these officials who are likely to bring about cases of violence against women ; the requirements for Member States to show proper legal protection and access to all crimes relating to gender violence ; and the provision of financial support for non-governmental organisations supporting victims of gender-based violence .
- ( CS ) As someone who supports Turkey as a fully-fledged member of the European Union , not a kind of UNK or a kind of preferred partner , I would like to criticise a little for us .
- After the vote :
there is also democracy in the EU and we have democratic debates .
however , we should not make mistakes .
there are two important points which the European Parliament is to hold up and which are supported by all political groups .
and , of course , Sri Lanka must put forward a statement in order to reach a referendum .
I welcome the work done by Mr Simpson and , as she said , he has unanimous support for the committee and that there are many amendments here .
at a time of increased protectionism , of increased protectionism and decline , it is particularly important that we maintain open trade between Europe and the poorer countries in some parts of the world .
( EL ) Mr President , Poznań and the Copenhagen negotiations , which take place after a year , must be successful .
this tax on taxation affects around 18 000 farmers at the moment , who will lose their UNK % of their energy bills .
I hope you will be able to give me a frank answer to that question .
furthermore , I would like to emphasise closely the link between the disadvantaged situation and the number of children from childhood education , since low income families often use the services of early childhood and care services .
I am particularly pleased that , three years ago at the time of the previous parliamentary term , I submitted a report in this Chamber on the strategy on a new strategy on human rights , which was based on the principle that prevention is better than cure .
what action does the Council intend to take in response to such a situation ?
I emphasise this , because it must be clear that the whole of our preparatory work on the strategic framework , which I have just described , is no value if we do not provide real , tangible results in this region , which is why the action plan for the strategy , which was also drawn up in the preparatory work , will become an important strategy .
my thanks to the President and to the Members who submitted questions to the Commission .
( FI ) Mr President , eight years after it is being drawn , we can safely say that the EU will not achieve this aim .
I voted in favour of the European Union resolution and I would like to use the Court of Auditors and again the need for a directive on freedom of information .
however , we are of the opinion that the ability to act and security in our armed forces must not be undermined in any way .
in order to help them to reintegrate them into the labour market , EUR 7 UNK per annum will be allocated to the EGF .
we agree with all of the targets we have set , but we must have the opportunity to argue with the necessary methods of achieving the objective , and if someone is discussing methods and want to conduct them in detail , it does not necessarily mean that the person wants everything to be done behind closed doors .
but we must have the courage to admit that political Islam , a totalitarian Islam - not only opposition parties or some countries , but also terrorist organisations such as al-Qaeda and associated movements - are continuing to continue to have many victims throughout the world .
rapid broadband Internet management is an absolute prerequisite for the development of e-commerce .
in writing . - ( LT ) I am very pleased that the European Parliament has initiated a debate on precarious women in precarious employment .
I regret that the debate has become somewhat UNK of the debate , and I hope - and the European Parliament has stated - that Member States who do not yet wish to participate in this stage can join at any time .
Europe has offered important financial support to fill the Ottawa Convention over recent years .
however , the presence of the Justice Ministers of Justice and Home Affairs of the Jewish state , and of its solidarity with the victims of this solidarity , is the lessons to be learned from other incidents in Portugal and elsewhere .
the Netherlands is giving up 15 euros cents and the UK at EUR 15 .
I therefore call on Members to adopt a compromise proposal No 11 , which is the result of the compromise package that Commissioner Michel has just mentioned , which will be wholly opposed and not given any amendments to the balance that have been achieved .
I can only agree with this and emphasise that this reform should begin with an UNK of things , that is to say , without delay .
the role of NATO has been mentioned in a number of speeches .
that is why this regulation will provide a solid signal for a genuine European policy on transport and energy .
the death penalty is particularly appalling .
this is the task we have before us in the coming weeks .
however , they do not give up with those responsible authorities , nor will of course be treated properly properly : only 33 % of the reporting , collection and treatment of electronic waste is treated according to the requirements of the directive .
finally , I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs , with whom we had excellent cooperation , and my colleagues in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , who adopted this report with a large majority .
a number of people have mentioned Poland and Bahrain and their exceptions .
however , we need simpler , more transparent and more transparent structures and better control over the Cohesion Fund to ensure that money is sustainable and efficient .
overcoming these problems in the world may give the European Union the opportunity to play a leading role in helping to bring about a change in the financial architecture &apos;s financial architecture , and the aspect of social responsibility and civil protection .
the need for the European Union to have an effective policy with which to cope with major disasters in the world was the one that prompted me to vote in favour of this report .
one example of this is greater flexibility , which is laid down in Article 7 of eligibility criteria .
they received a much more than a meeting in Europe with a great deal more than a meeting .
we have to show that we have learned from all of these crises and take a new direction .
comprehensive protection is required in this area .
evidently , the European Union is not able to access food prices , even though - as we all know - Opel Antwerp is demanding EUR 2.7 billion .
that is why the right to speak of citizens &apos; initiative is established , and now citizens can speak directly to the European Commission , and call on the Commission to submit a legislative proposal to the European Union .
in particular , I welcome , Mr Barroso , the other principle : fairness and the recognition of the different legal traditions and possibilities of Member States .
we also have a good experience in cooperation with all our partners in the Committee on Budgets in Haiti &apos;s recovery plan , and this will certainly help to speed up the process .
at the same time , more and more new forms of communication are also being gathered in the European Union and the number of &apos; catch-the-eye &apos; places may be far greater .
most of these businesses would not have higher costs .
this is why we must help to speed up our work and propose reliable political forecasts as quickly as possible .
in this case , all of the restrictions on our rights should compensate for better protection against terrorist attacks .
I am pleased that today it is on the table to adopt a resolution , which contains a motion for a resolution .
it will not succeed if unity is not in your own country .
in the area of European law , there should be no room for this type of stance - they are against our tradition , which is a European tradition of Christian Europe , and they are , incidentally , expressing the basic principle of women &apos;s rights .
there are significant differences in comparison with the situation in Libya , where dialogue was replaced by a military act which , in order to resolve the conflict , completely impossible .
the Germans spoke of a problem , they have spoken about us and take the necessary measures .
the second problem is a procedural evaluation which does not cover certain issues , including an environmental impact analysis , and some will find themselves at a later date .
there are 12 countries , including the United Kingdom , on top of that .
none of the people who have come from Lampedusa or Malta is not a UNK for themselves .
visa-free travel is a very important one .
both countries are subjected to a special system of criminal sanctions , which must not be made too complicated .
we must support and help them .
and we will continue to negotiate and fight so that it can be sure of us .
- ( CS ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the milk crisis in the milk sector shows that the whole of the European market economy is flawed and ineffective .
this will pave the way for further action at international and global level .
it is not important to establish a lot of barriers or what measures we take , there is a need for a global strategy and solidarity among European countries .
2 .
this first proposal is a good starting point .
the developments in the Central Asian region , except in the Kyrgyz Republic , are alarming more than one reason .
in future , too , the European Social Fund should play an important role in the whole of the European Union , and should not focus solely on specific regions .
on behalf of Parliament , I welcome the representative of the United Nations .
however , I would like to emphasise the social aspect of this legislation , which concerns the rights of disabled persons , especially blind or partially displaced persons , and their right to benefit from a free market .
China is one of the few allies in Burma dictators .
a little while ago you spoke a long way of talking in Brussels .
Mr President , when it comes to the conflict of interests , you could explain to me if , in the vote of the next three reports in the vote in the vote on the report , we should , of course , call on the Court of Auditors to abstain in the debate and abstain in the vote ?
I believe that we will have to examine whether this is really the case , because what we need is greater transparency .
however , these requirements should not be excessive , as they may have a negative impact on the situation of the people who have arrived in the European Union and have a valid work permit .
we are now taking the lead in the transition to a transition and a new economy .
all the measures proposed by and adopted by all the Commission have always been aimed at lifting the isolation of the Turkish Cypriot community in order to facilitate the accession of Cyprus in accordance with the conclusions of the Council in 2004 .
these relations can be of great benefit to us , but they are also easy to harm .
time has shown that the European institutions are acting , especially at the Ecofin meeting yesterday , as well as a coordinated interest in interest rates today .
the negotiations that have now begun must be completed within the term of the current parliamentary term .
in writing . - ( IT ) I would like to congratulate my colleague , Mr Cancian , for his excellent work , on which we were able to reach a satisfactory and balanced compromise .
we discussed this with the political groups and the committees , and they supported this amendment , in accordance with the content of the overall proposal .
with these negotiations a much more balanced end result , which meant that , in the end , I supported the resolution .
the vote will take place shortly .
I would like to see an open , transparent and flexible globalisation , which is also a comprehensive , comprehensive and sustainable one .
people expect the Commission to be equal to the tasks entrusted to him in the EU Treaty : to be a driving force in the European Union , with this idea of ideas .
as I have said , having agreed with the Committee on Legal Affairs , with a specific action plan and with concrete measures , such important and challenging issues such as climate change , integration , energy and immigration , the summit will clearly represent a step forward in terms of our relationship with Africa .
however , there are two issues that are of great concern to me .
the digital market offers opportunities for creating jobs , and a unique sector can help maintain the competitiveness of the European system .
Europe &apos;s agricultural potential thus weakened .
UNK % of the causes of accidents have occurred , and about four per cent of them are denied a red UNK .
this is a problem that we could discuss here and that we are discussing today .
( it ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to join in congratulating Mrs Paliadeli on her excellent work .
we should not give up cause for a UNK of UNK or UNK .
however , this report gives Member States the possibility to transpose the directive at the appropriate time to prevent any problems that can lead to simplification .
in fact , it is UNK up in UNK by UNK UNK UNK .
all of this , not to mention the scope for scope with regard to larger sectors , concerns our lives in very important areas .
that is entirely the opposite of what is proposed by this proposal .
in the following year , there were a number of UNK activities , of which we were only indirectly aware of , and then , in 1997 , the UNK UNK imposed suddenly and without a UNK of any UNK .
corrigendum ( Rule 204a ) : see Minutes
we did this because you are using it politically to increase the powers of this House , of its institutions and numerous agencies , which continue to demonstrate their way of thinking .
the PPE Group does not agree with this Parliament to become a place where only national political accounts can be accepted , with which we will be able to be tomorrow , even if this debate is being held .
I will also make a written statement on this subject .
regulation ( EC ) No UNK / 2002 , which relates to the common rules for civil aviation and the creation of the European Aviation Safety Agency , agreed that the achievement of the best and single application procedure can only be achieved through a combination of the scope of application of this text , thus extending the competences of the European Aviation Safety Agency to third-country customs authorities , the transfer of information for airlines and the safety of air carriers : this is the aim of the amendment of Regulation ( EC ) No UNK / 2002 .
there are clear advantages for patients who are suffering from patients , especially rare or complex diseases , because they are able to access specialised devices in their adult life .
both East and West were involved in this programme .
we make priority areas relating to young people , education , mobility , training , research , investment and innovation .
in writing . - I would agree with the proposal that the existing rules relating to livestock , meat and bone meal should remain in force until they are replaced by measures which will be introduced within the framework of a new legal framework .
this year there was no reason to celebrate the International Day of Employment , International Workers Day , because there are 23 million unemployed in the European Union .
in spite of this , in 10 Member States which do not have a protected sector , the price of spare parts is 7 % higher than the rest of the rest .
6 .
today , I heard people talk of capitalist restructurings .
the journeys of parliamentary delegations to different countries , different parliamentary groups , must be linked to the technical committees of Parliament .
the conclusion must be that the quota system has failed to guarantee market stability .
that is the case , of course .
( EL ) Mr President , the issue of enlargement will be an important issue for the next Council meeting .
Member of the Commission . - ( CS ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission is concerned at the high level of youth unemployment in the Member States , which , at the end of 2007 , was UNK % , that is to say , about two times more than the general cost .
in writing . - ( PT ) I voted in favour of the report on the new draft budget for 2011 , as it will increase the funding of the areas designated for the European Parliament &apos;s priorities , such as education , innovation , competitiveness and cohesion for growth and employment , and the protection and management of natural resources .
the report by Mr Goerens , on behalf of the Committee on Development , on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1905 / 2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation - UNK / 2010 - .
too little attention has been paid to stability at production level and to ensure adequate supplies to reduce the impact of rising production levels as a result of climate change or other factors .
in writing . - I wish to congratulate and congratulate my fellow Member , member of the Committee on Agriculture , on the report of his report on regional policy and transparency of its funding .
the initiative will only be successful if it is easy to implement and if it is accessible to everyone .
however , some issues remained unresolved and the long-term closure of European airspace must be addressed in the new context .
until now , all market surveillance systems are being replaced ( in other words , with regard to ships , except for ships that are less than ten metres .
the report calls on the Member States to review the measures designed to ensure adequate income , because decent and permanent jobs must be created to combat poverty .
( PL ) Mr President , the standards applied in Russia are completely different from those in use in the European Union .
the dispute is not yet over , as we all know .
I do not believe that the basic information sent to the Black Sea was an appropriate answer , because some of them were equipped with a legal system .
the tone of the report is obviously more complex , and there has been almost full agreement within EU conditions with EU interests at the forefront of the EU &apos;s interest .
to do so , there will only be a little political courage : we have an opportunity and an instrument .
if this amendment is rejected , then it should be an addition to that annex .
it would be much better to send it back to committee and that a single mandate would be a full and considered report .
I would also say to Mr Cappato : also employment and growth , which have a direct impact on the real economy , are threatened by this crisis .
it must be taken into consideration that the serious challenges faced by this cooperation in the areas of global sustainability such as poverty , climate change , biodiversity , HIV / AIDS , climate change , energy , clean water - this list seems to be endless .
we would like the plant to undertake genuine far-reaching restructuring in order to become a successful market economy that can compete with EU and world market forces on its own .
I very much welcome your support for extending the range of European public funds to other products .
as regards the countries that I mentioned , I am pleased about the inclusion of a partnership agreement , although I must point out that they may not be enough and that additional measures need to be taken in that case .
I do not have any confidence at all , even though I am convinced , on the one hand , to be convinced , Mr President-in-Office , that we must continue to involve Russia , but I do not think that we should be facing a face , as if nothing happened - I am sure you are not doing so either - and continue to do so in a normal way .
preventive measures are , in my opinion , key , in particular on climate change , and I hope that we will be able to convince ourselves that this is a reality , not just a UNK .
with regard to Amendments Amendments 81 and 12 :
at the same time , the EU should not deal with foreign policy and that is why we have voted against this resolution .
however , up to now , only 1 % of the EU budget has been allocated to this sector , but it is not enough to deal with the difficult task facing Europe .
the European Union needs a new Solidarity Fund now more than ever .
in the case of the Philippines , there has been a change of course , but it also has a political dimension to it , and both are fundamental if we want to make progress in the failed climate negotiations .
why is Hezbollah not yet brought to the EU &apos; list of terrorist organisations ?
it is true that this process was initiated by the European Council in Nice in Nice , for the first time in which the French authorities have broken off the law , contrary to the Treaties of the treaties .
the main thing is , of course , that we should be able to export their products to these countries .
as rapporteur for the directive , I know how much work it requires .
I also agree with the need to make a number of improvements in the auditing and budgetary management of the accounts in order to reduce the level of excise duty and the level of cancellation , which are still high .
these individuals must be guaranteed a fair and public court in accordance with international standards .
the own-initiative report aims to make up for 15 million jobs to be made available by 2015 , and that the website is made available to all and in all languages of the European Union .
I wish you every success in your work .
I sincerely hope that this agreement will help to strengthen the relationship between the EU and Moldova , which was the objective of the agreement , and , above all , strengthening the European Neighbourhood Policy &apos;s &apos; human dimension &apos; , in other words to bring people closer together , so that it is more and better for everyone to speak , because that is really what strengthening the European spirit and attitudes .
as you have just said , you are travelling a great deal in Sweden and in Europe .
if we seriously consider the reform of the CAP reform , any reform agenda must lead to an end to the elimination of set-aside .
she was arrested for his participation in the Committee on Foreign Affairs , who has been banned , he was arrested for a lawyer and is now in prison for the use of his freedom of expression , and the Chinese authorities call Liu Xiaobo to speak , whereas the rest of the world recognises him for the action he has put to peace .
the Commission is willing to support a partnership agreement , including in the agricultural sector .
at the moment , it is not the first time in history that the law has to cope with a difficult task .
it is therefore necessary to adapt the Maastricht criteria to the current climate and energy package , which is characterised by major UNK movements .
the EU budget for 2012 should above all promote growth and high-quality employment and contribute to the implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy .
more than one third of EU public investments and the use of the Structural Funds are increasingly focused on growth and employment targets .
as a result of the austerity measures to ensure the rights of two thirds of passengers , VAT fraud will be permanently increasing for all passengers ;
all of the questions relating to Russia are related to what relations we want in this neighbour , which we in this group want to build , which we want to build in a type of dialogue , what kind of dialogue we want in order to be able to encourage Russia to comply with its obligations and to assume its responsibility , and how we can concentrate it on a stance that is more in line with international law .
realistically , it is not possible to introduce it until early 2009 / 2010 .
in addition , an active and flexible response of the ECB is an important part of a more important role in the European banks &apos; recovery plan .
we are confident that the Commission will be able to implement its new powers , which the Council and Parliament gave him .
there is still much to do , and there are many different reasons for our problems .
we explained , together with Commissioner Špidla , who is responsible in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , who are responsible in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , that these judgments do not call into question fundamental rights such as the right to strike , the right to trade union membership , and a few differences in respect for our labour relations policy .
the agreement was also reached to give developing countries EUR 7.2 trillion over the next three years .
this group has been overcome by many of these dangers , and it is hoped that it will lead to a better business environment throughout the European Union .
another threat to the CE mark may be the proposal to replace the resources from the structural funds , which means that Britain &apos;s right to subsidies may be underestimated .
today , Europe has a dream , or rather a vision : to develop social housing in Europe as well as outside European borders ; a vision of renewable energy plays an important role in the middle of this century by helping to tackle climate change and its gas reserves , to mitigate climate change and to guarantee access to energy for billions of people left out of it .
in view of the increase in the increase in oil prices and environmental damage to the environment , we know that the EU now needs to pursue a more sustainable society , become more competitive , using more renewable energy , investing in public transport and ensuring that our children live in a healthy and healthy environment .
it is unacceptable for the Hungarian Guard , the Romanian military occupation and the country &apos;s membership of the country to be seen as a factor in stabilising the region &apos;s stability instrument , which is organised in Brussels , at the heart of the European Parliament , under the auspices of the Members of the European Parliament .
subject : action by the Commission to examine the environment , which will encourage companies to invest in research and encourage the banks to finance these investments .
although regulation is necessary in some sectors , I prefer transparency and transparency .
we can now leave the institutional issues to a certain degree of ambition and focus on the major political issues that European citizens - after all , are the European citizens , for whom we are all fighting , is worried .
in writing . - There are many funds in the EU which are made available to citizens as well as to other continents .
when can we expect a standard which is laid down for toys that are permitted for toys ?
first of all , the report recognises the importance of the Water Framework Directive .
in recent days , we have begun to understand better what is meant by the PPE-DE .
it is obvious that our influence outside the European Union and the way in which this Member State will be able to act together will depend to a great extent on which we can organise it in Europe .
one example is women in third countries where divorce is not recognised but who live in the EU and request a divorce or legal separation .
it is obvious that , especially in the next few years , we cannot expect similar efforts from those who have to reduce their high industrial base , as is the case in the Union and the developing world .
passengers are the victims of the current situation and , if they are not provided with an alternative solution , they should not also bear financial expenditure .
clearly , it is obvious that , in the context of the treatment of migration flows from different groups , immigration liaison officers may cause a number of problems from the point of view of fundamental rights , in particular from the right of access to human rights , in particular from their own country , leaving their own country , and the right to asylum seekers , and to find protection against persecution .
I would like to ask all fellow Members and all the members of the Council and Parliament to adopt measures to provide immediate help to Lebanon .
as you know , the Lisbon Treaty campaign in Ireland is in full swing and hope that a positive outcome will be reached on 2 October .
how can we , for example , be satisfied with the position of encouraging legal immigration , primarily through the use of the European Blue Card , or through the use of a work permit , basically to reduce the level of illegal immigration ?
the budget for development aid is not intended for this cooperation , but some Members would like to use the legal basis to make us fund these actions , in particular , to finance the development assistance budget , even though this is what we are trying to avoid with this report .
I understand that Europe needs to take a critical look at its current economic and financial stability plans in order to move forward together with a stronger , more closely interconnected economy which will make use of its potential to lead the world economy .
the result of deregulation in recent years is often the case that compulsory social security will be replaced with working conditions that are more complex and insecure .
I am afraid that the outcome is not relevant .
this should significantly speed up the practical use of structural funds , but the latter should not be widely used in &apos; traditional systems &apos; , in other words , because it does not make sense .
it is now up to European national governments to examine their internal affairs in order to adopt and approve such a change .
it is not the Commissioner &apos;s work , but they must treat their customers equally .
I fear , however , that the radical change that some of the review will allow is simply an end to another missed opportunity for our fisheries and fish stocks .
on 19 January , the European Parliament adopted EU legislation on patients &apos; rights in cross-border health care .
perhaps it is true to think about the steps to be made dependent on countries outside Europe to be dependent on specific countries .
the UNK UNK and UNK directives work well and have broad support in the market .
the development of a human and sensible immigration policy is of paramount importance for society in the coming years , but it can only be done at EU level in order to prevent the consequences of elections and the reactions of countries &apos; internal political systems .
the debate is closed .
in recent times , there have certainly been more acute natural disasters .
livestock farming is a source of a number of toxic substances , and biological waste management systems are not able to clean up the rubbish from their farms , as they can also receive insurance .
finally , a bilateral and mainly political Nord Stream project should also be resolved , taking into account the legitimate interests of all countries around the Baltic Sea , and certainly not before the Russian Government joins the Espoo Convention .
a consensus is emerging on the steps to coordinate the European economy , and most of these steps are fully in line with the proposals made in our communication on 12 May .
I would like to conclude with an answer to Mr Mitchell .
progress has been made with regard to adoption of the entire Community acquis and public authorities in providing reliable structures and good practice , but despite this , the target is far from being achieved .
in Pakistan , the consequences will certainly be felt in Pakistan .
we also call on the Commission to promote the interests of EU damage and , above all , the competitive advantage of quality agricultural and consumer goods in the EU , and to ensure that this qualification is supplemented by the geographical features of its partners , both through bilateral trade agreements and within the framework of the ACTA and the WHO .
I would also like to thank my colleagues in the Committee on Regional Development for supporting the amendments tabled by the Commission &apos;s opinion , of which I am a member .
I believe that , thanks to the correct education and constant training , many young European young people will be able to find work for themselves with a job that is compatible with their health and safety systems .
is the Commission confident that the recent public debate on the need for a European cohesion policy &apos; is a reflection of the views of most of Europe &apos;s citizens , and that &apos; the &apos; one message &apos; that has been collected by &apos; hundreds of votes &apos; actually reflects the opinion of the entire European Union ?
2 .
the European City Guide is one of the main sources of complaints that I have received in this House in 10 years .
in a globalised world , the continued success of Europe requires us to be able to deal with all three issues effectively .
we do not know what will happen between now and 2020 , and I therefore support this report .
on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , I should like to express my regret at the fact that the Swedish Presidency decided to adopt the recommendation without waiting for the recommendation from Parliament .
I would like to say the following .
the EU &apos;s policy to punish Belarus and the opposition to their government does not achieve the intended results .
if the European Fisheries Fund is not very much used , it will need to be revised and reformed .
the Serbian authorities must make every effort to ensure that the principles of the rule of law and democracy are properly respected in the country , and monitor that corruption is reduced in Serbia , and that people who abuse their office can be subjected to harsh punishment .
I believe that we should monitor what is happening in Belarus closely , because this is an issue that concerns the whole of Europe .
however , I am pleased to note that all relevant parties consider this right and necessary and technical solutions to guarantee the traceability of medicines .
first of all , I went to Washington and New York , which was the right step towards creating our important relations with the United States and the United Nations .
Commissioner , I believe we are in agreement on that .
that is why we are dealing with a problem today .
there was no need for us to tell us the truth .
Mr President , we have just learned that there has been a dead boat in UNK .
this has allowed people and organisations working on the ground to address issues and questions which communities face at local level .
at the same time , the Commission does not share the opinion of the Commission in its position on the jurisdiction of jurisdiction in the current Framework Decision , because it would have a restrictive impact in light of new types of legislation .
Europe is our home .
it has proved that it is possible , and that has been done .
since mobility is an issue that is frequently spoken of , it would have been a good idea to send them a message of a great deal than 250 kilometres per hour .
although it is understood that the proposed legal framework is aimed at simplifying the establishment of these infrastructures , experience has shown that the most developed countries are generally able to benefit from the most developed countries .
the current Swedish Presidency has started considerable work to ensure the unity of EU action plans and to ensure that the relationship between the work of the Community and the actions of the European pillar , in particular , within the framework of the second pillar , has started .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , it is rightly stated that the aim of this proposal is to create a framework for the whole community .
it is important that , after its democratic impetus , the results of the referendum , the negotiations are as transparent as possible in order to ensure a solid base for the further development of both new countries , but also for the development of relations between the two countries and the international community .
the draft directive , which will be submitted to the European Parliament in the near future , must lay down strict minimum standards for every person involved in this type of trade .
( DA ) Mr President , violence against women is a problem that exists in the whole world and , of course , a position must be taken on this issue - both a personal and political point of view .
these are sufficient preconditions for the creation of a partnership agreement in the region .
I am thinking of the mistakes made by Germany , who refused to solve the Commission and sought to solve the crisis alone .
you Germans have withdrawn a minimum wage .
in this context , the Commission closely follows the adoption of the implementation of the additional funds adopted by the Greek authorities in order to reach out to the Greek authorities in order to reach the end of 2010 and the adoption of the additional funds adopted by the Greek Parliament in 2010 on 5 March 2010 .
one such example is the Hungarians in Romania , whom I represent .
but I am not complaining about anything , because you are prepared to push the constitution without asking anyone .
( PL ) Mr President , if the protection of biodiversity is a priority for the European Commission , the issue of cloning should not be discussed at all .
it is not just a question of solidarity , but a political strategy .
I believe that this sends a great success .
we have two very good reports here which will enable us to deepen the debate at a critical moment for the euro area .
some of us , women and men , are necessary to have a system that is necessary and we therefore need to emphasise that the European Union should follow the example of Norway , which will apply measures to increase the number of women in the boards of national companies at at least 40 % , and uses the rules to establish a quota for women to have 40 % of their private company boards .
imagine what could be spent on the hospitals , doctors and cyclists in developing countries .
today , we call on Russia to abide by the commitments it has made in relation to the Council of Europe , the United Nations and the OSCE in the context of free and fair elections and to cooperate well with the Court of Auditors in order to ensure appropriate monitoring .
I would therefore like to ask the Commission a challenge : mobilisation of the Solidarity Fund must be increased and more resources must be given to it , and EU aid must also focus on innovation policy .
today , the European Parliament adopted a resolution on trade relations between the European Union and Japan .
in Bosnia and Herzegovina , 2010 is 2010 .
given the high importance of the CAP for EU governments and for citizens , I say that it should be as simple as possible with regard to the implementation and the rules in force .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see Minutes )
the Commission has made an ambitious but equally realistic proposal to set a emissions limit of 135 g / km .
however , now that the Turkish security forces are occupying four members of the European Parliament in the occupied territories of the Republic of Cyprus and the Muslim Brotherhood in the European Union , no longer have any doubts about Cuba .
we do not understand how this issue can be debated in Council debates and doubts , and the Union &apos;s competence must be called into question , should it explicitly state that this is an area for which the EU is also responsible .
in my opinion , it is not yet too late to give up the situation , but to do so , we must - you , Mr President , and the new European Commission - must take the bull by the horns immediately .
( ES ) First of all , I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs for their excellent reports , but I shall focus mainly on the Lefrançois report .
show me where this is actually costing citizens &apos; money , not paid them even more !
this sector must be promoted , as it contributes to development and productivity .
it is important to discuss the possibility of financing infrastructure projects , such as with the help of European bonds , but also a potential solution for the European carbon tax so that we can move to sustainable production in Europe .
( applause )
thank you for your attention .
we must demand that the Member States , which produce a very small part of their energy with renewable energy sources , should eliminate this difference .
the vote will take place today at 12 : 00 .
there is a consensus in the Committee on Petitions which has been developed for years in many other meetings .
Member of the Commission . - ( FR ) Madam President , rapporteur , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to welcome Parliament &apos;s work with regard to the proposal to amend the Regulation of the European Training Foundation , in particular , but I would like to thank the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs and its rapporteur , Mr Seeber .
the Swedish public prosecutor published a report by Mr Assange for the Swedish justice system , the Schengen system and the security system , and the European Arrest Warrant was issued on that basis .
in writing . - ( PL ) I would like to draw attention to the fact that , as a result of the decisions made by EU and non-EU countries , the borders are closed , with the aim of protecting the market from the influx of vegetables from countries with a view to the import of arms exports .
in order to support the European Union in order to support our common values of democracy , peace and freedom , it is our duty to intervene .
I hope that the accession negotiations will begin in the near future and that the European Council will confirm in the March summit that it will agree with the Commission &apos;s recommendation to begin negotiations .
on behalf of the ECR Group . - Mr President , could I just say that what the Commissioner said today has not always convinced me .
however , its rules should apply to the functioning of the single market and to cross-border trade , and not just to questions concerning the economy of a Member State .
however , I must say to Mr Kallas that I would be far more convinced if he had already taken steps to ensure that the European Commission is in line with the rules of the financial regulation , which were initialled on 1 January 2007 , in particular , with regard to the appointment of a number of beneficiaries of Community funds .
consumers &apos; organisations are doing a lot of work in the interest of energy consumers , especially in the interests of consumer consumers .
I will now conclude , Mr President , by saying that a moderate nature and a UNK is always the order , but with the defence of human rights and basic freedoms , in particular , the defence of human rights and fundamental freedoms , always always weakness and always cowardly , but as representatives of the people of the European Union , we cannot afford to act in ourselves in this way .
although the gender approach to the framework of the Community directives on health and safety is neutral , it is not an adequate reason for the human health risks and safety risks associated with women &apos;s health and safety protection , compared with the risks to the health and safety of men , which is monitored and investigated .
the policy of the European Union is characterised by two basic principles : firstly , the deep-rooted inequalities , which are characteristic of the capitalist nature of the capitalist system , and , secondly , that Community funds are not compatible with grassroots requirements , but are allocated to businesses and infrastructures in order to increase public and private partnerships through public and private partnerships .
there is a heated battle over that .
we have been able to combine very important issues in the report .
we know that we can also go to other you , you are also going to listen to you , who lead to extremism and UNK , and a UNK which is intended for all our citizens .
the response by the EU to such a danger should not be limited to the plans for intervening in retrospect but to begin a great deal earlier , with regard to dealing with such materials , with limited access and scrutiny .
as has been said , the regulation is being implemented more than 30 years and its provisions are being amended quite often in accordance with the legal systems of the Member States .
I believe that the horizontal instrument contains many useful references to the modernisation of the Community acquis .
the EU must reduce its current dependency on the Gulf States .
it is a Commission with a more important internal market than to protect the interests of the ordinary citizen .
1 % !
sanctions which do not influence the citizens of the country but its leaders .
I would like to point out that there was a real risk that this directive , this type of document , is going to be passed .
if you vote down with our hands , it could happen at times , and only by then that Members will not raise their hands or that there is confusion , President Barroso will make a mistake in assessing the outcome of the vote .
other ethnic groups are not recognised in this agreement .
I shall vote against the proposal of the Commission .
finally , as regards foreign policy , we do not agree that the European doctrine is applied in the countries of origin of the European doctrine , in which there are no arrangements for association agreements 2 .
( NL ) Madam President , it is telling you that there is a business of business and industry , but not a UNK .
the situation appears to be quite different , but we can certainly not win a confrontation on business , or on the issue of technology , in particular : it must be avoided because it may be very dangerous .
this will require a more targeted management of innovative financial instruments and a link with the economy .
I heard today that population ageing , together with climate change , is one of the greatest challenges in the 21st century .
the approved text demands compliance with the recommendations made in the Goldstone report and liability for violations of international law , including against alleged war crimes .
we are very concerned because the state of emergency has been seriously threatened by strengthening democratic institutions and building a democratic process .
the proposed amendment will make it possible to cooperate more closely with the network of liaison officers and immigration liaison officers , which in turn will improve the exchange of information through a safe market access system and ensure that the Council and Parliament are properly informed of their networks .
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of the new amendments to this regulation , given that , until now , citizens of third countries have had problems due to the restriction of freedom of movement for long-stay visas .
a specific European response to this crisis for the outermost regions ...
first of all , I am pleased that the Minister for Foreign Affairs , Carl Bildt , has highlighted the most important message of the resolution by Mr Albertini , namely that the EU will stand by the decision to continue with the EU &apos;s internal security strategy with a view to moving it into one of the EU &apos;s financial instruments .
the EU must monitor this very closely .
my group also supports your efforts to launch the new phase of the Lisbon Strategy efficiently and to secure a successful , fair and environmentally friendly future for Europe , and the competitiveness of our economy to make use of the opportunities offered by globalisation .
we cannot expect that a group of refugees should bear the brunt of EU membership .
Mr President , what Mr Rack has just put forward is an interesting idea .
if we do not want the public with more confidence in the European project , we will have to listen to their will and make it happen .
on the eve of the elections on the ground in Burma , I believe that we can only achieve something if we coordinate our action with the largest countries - China , India , the US and Russia .
it is very important to fight protectionism ; however , it is important to ensure that we are supporting our industries so that they will be able to compete and trade in the future .
on behalf of the UEN Group . - ( GA ) Mr President , I would like to say that I congratulate the report on this report ; I believe that the rapporteur has achieved a practical and comprehensive approach to the issue of discards at sea .
the report contains information and analysis of the effectiveness of cohesion policy .
we believe that this is one of the most successful aspects of EU policy , provided that it is carried out with strict criteria , and that the lessons learned from the latter have also been taken into account in this regard .
Libya has often been carried out in Libya .
we therefore need to implement measures in practice which will help to enter the labour market or stay there and improve the conditions of family life , especially those which will facilitate a work-life balance .
if the EU is to be a global leader in these areas , there is a need for resources to do so .
we also have a club , as a number of Members have mentioned , a club that does not become members of the largest and most developed countries but also welcomes all those who are willing and willing to accept EU regulations .
patients in the European Union must know how they can avoid falsified medicines .
what mechanisms need to ensure that a statement is thoroughly revised before an asylum seeker is returned ?
but , Mr President , there was at least one way of dealing with this dispute , and that was a vote .
the Dublin system has proved to be a mechanism in practice which will promote the EU &apos;s overall policy on climate change policy .
anyone who wants pluralism and political competition should ensure that the rights enshrined in the Council of Europe , and the Organisation for European Cooperation and Cooperation ( OSCE ) , will be monitored during the longer term of the elections as early as possible .
incidentally , this facility was the idea of my predecessor .
I understand - and we all understand - that if a national debt system is reduced , industrial emissions are falling , but should not , first of all , reduce the percentage of agricultural income in GNI , and then lead to a reduction in contributions due to the reduction in national income .
long-term costs will continue to rise and there are still many more research .
are you aware of that ?
as regards the continued working time of on-call time as part of the continued working time of on-call time , but also the health and safety of professionals and all European citizens .
both MEPs and their assistants must be linked to the realities of their country of origin .
Japan , and its Canadian allies , had been able to negotiate , to win friends and to increase their influence in order to achieve the desired result .
the decision to conclude a cooperation agreement between the Office of Fundamental Rights and the Council of Europe will , together with the establishment of the Agency and the European Charter of Fundamental Rights , make an important contribution to the European Union &apos;s efforts to secure its action and its role as a promoter of human rights within the EU and outside the EU .
the specific and practical form of a strategy is also influenced by an enormous action plan that will be drawn up towards a low-carbon economy by 2050 , and which will be scheduled to publish at the beginning of next year .
we have denied them a natural right to speak of how they should prevail , and we have , as far as possible , ignored the fact that they should become a referendum .
I applaud the work done by the rapporteur , and she has certainly removed many of the concerns that we could have , but I am wondering why we do so at all .
I consider it necessary for a comprehensive package of plans to support young people and encourage young people from the Roma community to return to the community and the community within the community and for the community .
do you have the impression ?
my political organisation has always supported the need to establish a European emergency tax , such as the &apos; Tobin tax &apos; .
this article also establishes the instruments and foundations of the Council of Ministers of Ministers .
( HU ) Mr President , Commissioner , the most important point in the 2008 budget is cohesion policy .
thus , on Wednesday , 16 February , no further proposals or amendments will be passed on Wednesday on 16 February .
I share the Spanish Presidency &apos;s view : we are here to examine the strategy contained in the European Commission &apos;s document of Europe 2020 strategy and has become the Council &apos;s approval , with an industrial policy and a deepening policy at the heart of the strategy presented in the coming years and creating a more prosperity and development of the coming years in the coming years .
this will ensure the representation of the Union in the external relations , except for the common foreign and security policy ( CFSP ) and other cases in the Treaties .
but you stated that the situation in Bosnia has stabilised .
given that many of the networks of public and private partnerships , in particular the Common Consular Instructions ( UNK ) , are born within the framework of the Seventh Framework Programme of the European Community , in the context of the Seventh Framework Programme for research , technological development and demonstration activities ( FP7 ) , and they will be managing to have a significant share of the EU budget - such as EUR UNK million for the use of hydrogen vehicles ) - I would like to know :
first of all , they must not cause difficulties in these small companies .
the Committee on Legal Affairs wishes to extend these rights so that they include equal working and social rights , while explaining to workers &apos; rights and tax incentives .
we are completely opposed to the EU &apos;s intention to facilitate the wealth of wealth , natural resources and biological diversity in the region , in favour of multinationals , which lead to exploitation of workers , increasing unemployment , destroys millions of deaths , destroys the environment and denying the rights and sovereignty of peoples .
we are dealing with two issues , and now I will submit to the Commissioner &apos;s question , which was , in fact , intended to give Commissioner De Gucht .
I hope that these principles will also be supported by the European Council in December in December .
the draft recommendation of the Council on the conclusion of a protocol setting out the financial aspects and financial contributions of the fisheries agreement with the Union for the fisheries sector , which sets out what the European Parliament should be in its revision of the revision of the agreement .
most of them are living in a form of slavery , which has become a consequence of years of life .
I , too , am of the view that the UNK UNK UNK is the best place for the Arctic Information Centre .
the first one relates to the issue of competences .
Czech citizens complain more and more frequently that , as a group of regional and local authorities representatives in the border area , the German police are complaining about when they cross border crossing as to whether or not they travel .
we have many functioning companies which make good profits in terms of production .
the language used in many of the documents is very often difficult to understand and to be more innovative .
however , as I cannot stand in the way of protecting EU citizens from UNK and UNK timber , it is important that these agreements are adopted .
in writing . - ( PT ) Commissioner Reding gave a request to the House in the debate on this issue not to use the European institutions to resolve problems which should be resolved at a national level , as laid down in our treaties .
this is , unfortunately , the potential for Afghanistan &apos;s opportunities as well as for other health .
it would be very useful that we are having a debate at the moment , but we do not want a resolution , because it would be either too late in a hurry or a very late publication .
by the way , Commissioner , I am sorry to say , and I assume that you will hear it for the first time that Budapest has given up with the UNK of UNK and instead propose a UNK programme , because , unfortunately , the greater demand for television is given to television , given that the latter does not appear in Hungarian , with a significant number of Chinese in our country .
today we know already in the European Parliament that many countries will not be able to adopt legislation in time for time .
the most important aspect of this report is that it highlights , clearly , the conviction that the right to determine and sign up to Member States with priority issues and expenditure in areas which is and should obviously be a competence of the Member States , as each region has the right to decide its own priorities within its own budget .
our leaders in Europe have got it wrong : supporting immigration is not a method to reduce poverty or to reduce its financial burden .
we note with satisfaction that Articles 5 and 6 still maintain the mandate for the Commission to review the external investment agreements and , in case of such agreements , if such agreements take up major problems , to give up their business .
as a result of the economic and financial crisis , the main concern of European citizens is the fear of losing their jobs .
the conditions for Serbia , as with every candidate country , are also presented to Serbia in order to join the community of values , and I would therefore like to thank the rapporteur not only for his report , but also for the fact that he made these conditions clear in his speech .
in accordance with the Treaty , fisheries to fishing in the waters of the EU with regard to fisheries with biological resources must apply to fishing .
I believe it is important that the best practice in Finland and a long-term tradition can continue after the adoption of the new directive .
creativity must be focused and flexibility .
as a European Parliament mediator to the children of different nationalities , I am convinced that the proposal for a regulation will help to achieve peaceful solutions in the interests of the children by identifying parents &apos; obligations on children and laying down conditions which best protect the wellbeing of children in such situations .
in essence , this was an end to a change in response .
I do not believe that we can formulate a common defence or security policy in Europe .
thank you .
Turkey is a great friend of dictator Ahmadinejad .
will the Council comment on the progress made by the Member States in preventing the waste disposal of waste produced in accordance with Regulation ( 1999 / 31 / EC ) ?
in spite of this , I would like to point out that , with regard to this Regulation and others , it is vital that there is proper implementation and monitoring .
then , the aims proposed are sensible in order to do so .
the document we are discussing today is in line with these criteria .
today , I would support , despite our respect for the decision of the Irish electorate , the ratification procedure for the ratification process at the moment and its completion .
there is probably a great deal of uncertainty among them , and we must allocate them to real refugees .
UNK UNK UNK , which we in Germany have , may not ultimately be a question of a personal nature , but on the basis of a consumer with regard to what specific characteristics are in the market .
that is why I tabled an amendment on this subject .
I hope that in 2011 , we will see a greater commitment to resolving the problem of dangerous toys being offered by the European market .
indeed , Denmark , which was able to speak out for its own , but tried a sovereign state to conclude a Treaty with a view to participating in its cooperation on certain aspects , is now obliged to ask the Commission for new international agreements to be signed with others .
however , the EU funds earmarked for the closure of the reactor have not been sufficient .
I am pleased that there is a broad consensus in place between Parliament and the Council with regard to the importance and necessity of both parties and the instruments which must be made available .
since Parliament is now colegislator in this area , it will have a major role to play in dealing with this issue .
I consider the collection of data on housing data , which is based on the European Council &apos;s legal personality , contradictory .
unfortunately , illegal trade is a reality today and is growing in all Member States .
in writing . - ( PL ) I have voted against the draft resolution , because it is harmful and does not comply with European standards .
I will try to gain the trust of those who did not give my vote .
we hope that the work on this proposal will reach the end of the summer .
nevertheless , most of this House has received a blank cheque to the Commission , with obvious restrictions such as &apos; proportionality &apos; and &apos; reciprocity &apos; .
please do not do that , because with regard to human health issues we are united and remain in favour .
there should be no euro to be given at all .
I welcome the integrated programme to disseminate European audiovisual works across the world , as the European market is fragmented , compared with the audiovisual industry in the United States .
( FR ) There was a great deal .
these are the most simple ones .
for example , the largest US in Western Africa is located in Kampala , Uganda , Uganda and Rwanda no more than the US &apos;s consent .
it brings a great deal of work to date and is a perfect gift to them .
I spoke with Commissioner McCreevy after 14 January meetings and met him again two weeks ago when she said that he has provided a letter to the service to send a letter to a letter .
at the same time , the processors , with their great potential for action , to which it is so far to be , will add to their parents .
atypical jobs - full-time employment in the workplace - has been quite slow , whereas a mass of part-time work , seasonal work and work experience has been increasing .
the third major problem that should be addressed is the internal market .
we will therefore continue with the preparations for the preparations for the summit .
it should be considered whether the EU should extend its responsibilities and play a more effective role in achieving common goals ( participating in a common dialogue , with common action , and by the agreement between the EU and the OSCE in accordance with the EU and the OSCE ) .
does the Commission look at the facts of the Belgian judicial system as a candidate country for its forthcoming communication on the issue of visa waiver ?
I agree with the opinion of the resolution that , in order to avoid the secession of the Serbs in Kosovo , their participation in the elections is indispensable .
if not , then we very much hope that the problem you raise will be addressed and that a solution will also be found to all parties in the general negotiations on achieving a satisfactory solution .
at the beginning of the 20th period of the 20th century , Europe fought for the reunification of Europe ; from the point of view of the 20th anniversary , all Europeans would read and write .
I would like to ask the House of the European Parliament - not in your hands but in fact in fact - at whether we have a mediator , will the United States of America speak to the European Union after a referendum or whether they are discussing bilaterally with certain Member States on a case-by-case basis .
the measures that have been taken so far in very different areas show that there is an increasing need to move towards distribution of innovation and the implementation of our everyday lives .
this is good before we set up a positive atmosphere in November in November .
the high interest rates of the Greek Government are not due to unforeseen factors , but to the major financial difficulties associated with concern over the sustainability of loans in the market .
there is also a need for monitoring and resolution prevention and resolution , and it should include Belarus and Ukraine .
I am not in favour of that , and I am also concerned about the fact that I asked for a Parliament that I consider to be credible , a free trade agreement for the 21st century which will benefit enormously from the European Union economy .
the UNK strategy , through violence by the opposition forces and , at the same time , allows some real political changes , could lead to a deterioration in the situation in all three countries .
so , therefore , the oral question is to propose a debate in the Committee on Budgets and come up with new solutions and implement those laws already in place which should help the communities of the Roma .
we should be enthusiastic about what has been achieved in these countries and what is going well , but at the same time we must express very clearly what is needed .
the ECB is one of the leading institutions , which must seek to respond to these challenges .
the aim is , in fact , intended to become visa-free visas for Macedonia , Serbia and Montenegro on 1 January 2010 .
I have been told that UK law enforcement is not possible .
to this end , I would just like to remind you of our aim of securing the mass concentration of carbon dioxide from 450 farms , which are set to ensure that the increase in temperature will remain below 2 ° C .
this is in conflict with the practice that we have in practice and with the internationally guaranteed rights of minorities .
the protection of animal health and food safety legislation in Europe has been adopted in the EU with a view to supporting the sustainable development of European aquaculture and also its production potential .
the training of new teachers must be improved and new teachers must be expanded .
Member of the Commission . - The analysis of the ethical aspect of research funded under the Seventh Framework Programme will provide for the protection of basic rights and for legal protection .
in the debate on the social package , we talked about the necessary instruments to apply the principle of equal pay for equal value and reduce the level of living between men and women .
surely this means that there will be a need to come back to the debates on quantities and waste , but not to consider reducing environmental pollution .
ladies and gentlemen , Iraq has taken on a positive path .
indeed , in an important sector such as air transport , it must be guaranteed a public service supported by the European Union .
these are proportional measures which always allow the continuation of the right to mobility , a right that should never be denied for economic reasons , as poverty is not or is a cause for discrimination against citizens .
for example , eight or nine hours have passed the second country of India , the UNK UNK , of which I saw a few two young children , one of whom was six or seven years old , and the other very little .
this is a major problem .
the country should remain in the hands of this choice and to do so with a particularly close partner of the European Union , which I hope will be able to ban this barbaric offence .
( NL ) Mr President , it is difficult to go further in relations between the European Union and Belarus .
on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , I would like to say that , in any event , we continue to support the target of introducing a common asylum system in 2012 in 2012 .
so let us make it easy , but let us not buy the Solidarity Fund .
finally , I would like to pay a great deal of respect for all Iranian men and women who risk being so much , take a different form of conscience in order to demand respect for the rights that they are entitled to under the Constitution of Iran .
Article 26 ( 2 ) of the Constitutional Treaty of the European Constitution states the same .
to conclude , I would like to emphasise one thing : do not forget transparency and better communication with all the European institutions .
I support the proposal to create a database of all relevant data , remote-sensing and UNK projects and to consolidate the existing range of data protection data infrastructure and websites .
air traffic is only built on competition when consumers have full access to information on the amount of natural gas consumed and the possibility of exchanging online gambling .
we are therefore in favour of adopting this resolution after that debate .
financial banks must also be subject to financial stability measures at EU level for crisis management .
our decisions on the environment , on services , on immigration , on social security , and many other issues , will have an impact on the lives of our fellow citizens , who are often the least privileged situation .
however , in certain areas , there was also to be seen in the debate .
there is always a danger of simplifying the administrative system and of dealing with an UNK in &apos; Women &apos; , or to create more ambitious standards for measuring the achievements of scientists .
I would , of course , like to call on the Commission to negotiate a similar early warning system with other countries , such as India , Vietnam , Russia or Turkey in other countries , such as India , Vietnam , Russia or Turkey , so that dangerous or more weapons could be confiscated before European countries .
this must stop .
in the medium term , if the network of supervisors controls the financial markets .
the fact that there are indications of economic recovery does not mean that we should also immediately withdraw the policies for supporting the economy , since this could have a negative impact on the economy in the longer term .
of course , this is a mistaken statement .
the issue of own resources has been addressed in Article 299 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union .
that is a mistaken idea .
I would therefore like to thank Commissioner Barnier , who has provided us with valuable information on this issue .
we appreciate that very much .
this means that the ceiling of financial assistance to EU Member States , which is not members of the euro area and which has difficulties with their own financial difficulties , has increased from EUR 12 billion to EUR 25 billion .
finally , I think that recent events in Bahrain force us to rely more strongly on respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms in relations between the Union and the Cooperation Council .
that is why I would like to express my commitment to building a European security and defence policy with real autonomy .
it is therefore now possible to say that the &apos; Safer Internet &apos; programme &apos; has had a very positive effect .
Article 53 of the Financial Regulation states that Member States should publish the names of the beneficiaries later .
it has been said that , when there was a debate in the 1990s , there was a very serious concern and the debates became very positive .
that is why , together with the Greens , I voted in favour of a European Central Bank for their repeated attacks at EU level .
that is why it is a question of introducing binding European legislation .
for me , there is nothing other than a perverse ideology and dictatorship of the 20th century .
Alexander Lukashenko , the last dictator of Europe , is breaking down and face up to our political forces and places them in prison for our political opponents .
we hope that , now that you have the freedom and new life of your life , you will find peace in France in France , which is an important Member State of the European Union and that of the Presidency of the Presidency , and that you will be happy to do with you .
the Hungarian socialist government in UNK set the weak situation of the Hungarian economy , because no public investment or financial services were free of corruption , no motorways , bridges , health , public finance , domestic finance or EU procurement .
I would like at this point to hear the firm and clear words of the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy , and I would like to see that we are not only calling for sanctions against Iran , but also by means of such sanctions .
we must realise that what we want to do is to improve the system , so that the number of accidents will decrease year and the consequences of these disasters will become more and less serious .
the debate is closed .
worse still , this agreement , on which I must express an opinion , does not respect the European Council &apos;s guidelines , the European Union strategy for the Caribbean , nor a strategy for the outermost regions of the Union , in which all three are explicitly stated that the outermost regions need to be integrated into the Partnership Agreement within the Cariforum framework and that there is a need to create an intermediate market between the two parties with a view to achieving the overall development of the region .
this proves that the judicial system is able not only to follow but to lead .
environmental inspections is very important .
I am therefore opposed to the proposal of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development that fruit should come only from the EU .
the increase in infant mortality rates among people waiting for the age of 25 or UNK is normally between 75 % and 20 % .
this is not only a limited income , but it is also the only thing that local selling is .
development of civil society through the Treaty of Lisbon (
curiously , we do not have a piece of legislation which aims to detect and block recruitment in prisons or certain &apos; sensitive &apos; weapons .
the Union is now made up of a large number of Member States .
we are giving them the rights by providing them with temporary employment contracts , until the end of the situation , and we are introducing these licences for granted .
on behalf of the PPE Group . - ( RO ) The expansion of the Gulf of Mexico with the United States of America in the areas of North America , especially of the Muslim Brotherhood , is deeply worrying .
the European Commission should make a joint commitment and immediately withdraw this proposal .
despite the volcanic ash cloud in London and UNK , which fall to nine out of the 23 networks of the ICAO , and in London with UNK UNK , which will issue the volcanic ash cloud , we also need to improve European infrastructure , by introducing a system of volcanic ash concentration in real UNK systems .
as has already been said , the next week of the Stockholm Summit will devote the most attention to areas in which we have common interests , such as climate change and energy , and a global economic crisis .
the dramatic volatility in food prices is damaging to farmers , consumers and even entire countries .
I reject - as the ECR Group has done - a draft that would be a terrible violation of personal rights , and I call on President Obama to ban it .
Mr President , I think that in the current economic climate , I think that everything can do in our power to protect those who want to contribute to our economy .
I would also like to say that , following the Treaty of Lisbon , the human rights situation has changed .
the Muslim Brotherhood is opposed to international obligations on the Islamic Republic of Iran .
as is well known , the Commission has taken up a great deal with Greece statistics over a number of years .
the decision to exclude the Armenian genocide in the new resolution is a step backwards and cannot be supported .
it is very important to establish greater transparency with regard to the presentation and translation of information and the standardised information that several of the previous speakers have mentioned .
- ( DE ) Madam President , June for foreign fighters was the most recent month since the Taliban regime in 2001 .
it is important that Latvia is not alone in this situation .
in writing . - ( FR ) This resolution is of course a commitment to one of the key .
let us go along this night and subsequently on 9 / 10 August .
I regret the fact that the drafting of the text has been so difficult and complex , despite the fact that we all have a common central objective .
the Council of Transport Ministers adopted a very clear position yesterday , inviting Member States to make every effort to make available to the public as much alternative as possible , in order to tackle this extremely serious situation , which affects the mobility of citizens in the European Union , as well as of other citizens .
President Ouattara , who is now tired , is tired of the murderous attack by President Ouattara .
violence in Guinea was able to commit to a global condemnation .
I am voting for this proposal as it recommends strengthening the EU &apos;s role in the multilateral system .
thus , this applies not only to reform but also to implementing the existing acquis in the run-up to any reform .
since we are a small group , we are used to having more international tests on our country &apos;s nuclear power stations than those of major countries .
but now that many of the Member States of the European Union , including those in the euro area , have been in force , we cannot simply reverse the situation and do it in the shortest possible time , while ignoring the difficult financial situation that we have .
the European Union has a right and a duty to take preventive action and organise a special system , because the EU is a project of peace that has been carried out for the past 50 years .
on the contrary , trade policy and agricultural policy can support each other and even need to do so .
what steps are you going to do in you , Commissioner , in order to make this information more accessible to people ?
finally , the fact that Turkey is represented at the G20 shows the importance of this country and its geostrategic role that this country could play within the Union .
thus , by adopting a directive which will not lead to a reduction in emissions and a reduction in human rights , it will certainly send out a negative signal with regard to the overall reduction in CO2 emissions from which we have spoken .
the projects covered by the International Monetary Fund in Ireland are already complementary to the EU Progress programme .
I would like you to call for a request for roll-call votes because something has gone wrong with a technical point of view .
however , as the Commission has just pointed out , we do not yet have these new vaccines , because studies are still at risk , and we are only looking at their effectiveness in the case of people .
the goal of full employment , a social and economic model for Europe will be a sustainable social market economy , with basic social rights enshrined in the agreement .
the main thing is that the enforcement of judgments by the European Court of Justice should remove the reasons that lead to human rights violations .
in this House , I shall repeat , on behalf of the European Parliament , the call for respect for freedom of religion and an end to the violence which is driven by religion in this part of the world .
thank you for your attention .
we in the European Parliament and the Commission will develop this policy together in a joint way and as transparent as possible .
it is important that Europe should aim to reduce emissions by 20 % by 2020 , which could fall by 30 % in achieving an international agreement .
in writing . - ( HU ) UNK back to three years and seeing its positive achievements , but also errors which need to be improved will not look only in the past but also in the future .
we will look into Member States immediately how they apply to self-employed drivers and how to exercise compliance with these rules .
based on this report , the main objective of the radio spectrum policy programme is to secure broadband access to all EU citizens by 2013 and a rapid broadband network for 2020 .
we must stop remembering that the social dimension is not a part of European competence .
so I think that greater coordination may be necessary .
so you now have a Commission , Commissioner , the Agency , to ensure that the Member States really do what they have included , with regard to port State control , electoral law , criminal prosecution and other issues that are now being completed by civil society or in the internal market .
in parallel , the European Aviation Safety Agency ( EASA ) is proposing to the regulations relating to animal health requirements and the risk of being able to cope with hazardous substances in airspace for safe substances .
it also recognises the need for open standards and an important contribution to innovation and competition , as well as the need for real choice for consumers .
2 .
the attempts to prevent Members from expressing their opinions on matters of general interest , on matters of common interest in matters of general interest and the right to petition their political opponents , are unacceptable in a democratic society and represent a breach of Article 8 of the Protocol , intended to protect the freedom of expression of MEPs in the interests of Parliament as an institution of Parliament as an institution of the European Union .
harmonisation of these laws throughout the EU will ensure that the rules which apply to their trading system are applied everywhere in the European Union as well .
in writing . - ( PT ) It is not possible to ignore the utmost importance of achieving an international post-Kyoto agreement in a significant reduction in carbon dioxide emissions .
this gas is in large quantities in France , Poland and Bulgaria .
I also want to call for an independent investigation , as is required of the motion for a resolution before us , which we support in order to find out to know who the attacks are carried out by those that they represent , and what is wrong with East Timor East Jerusalem , both in East Timor and in particular internationally .
I welcome the fact that the Commission has made its four statements with four statements made clear , so we are now agreeing with what has been made possible by the 2010 progress , and three years after we meet again in order to revise the law again .
new visa rules for the Western Balkans ( FYROM , Montenegro , Serbia ) ( debate )
I believe that the European Union will become the European Union in the future as soon as possible , in the future .
perhaps it should now look at action under the NATO Security Council or the joint ESDP mission in order to remove this global threat , particularly with regard to the security situation , in Mauritania and in North Korea , which are already very poor countries and require any help we can give them .
the European Union should seek to rebuild the work of both chambers of Parliament in order to suspend the new government .
thirdly , I see that the resolution does not contain the word &apos; core &apos; .
subject : energy - World Trade
we therefore call for the rejection of the Commission &apos;s proposal and the implementation of the 2002 directive , which should have been applied from 2009 to the adoption of self-employed drivers in order to fight against social dumping , to protect workers &apos; rights to health and leave and to improve the conditions for road safety .
27 .
Ireland is not , by nature , an affront to that , far from it .
the Nitrates Directive - as you know , has now been cancelled - stipulates that there will have to be a minimum wage and a minimum wage .
it would make it impossible for a healthy farming and industrial base to be made impossible .
let me finally quote one of President , if you will permit me : &apos; my administration is working to change the government to a more open way .
this is a completely new challenge for our countries .
only in this way can you show respect for and increased trust , not only within the country but within the European Union .
in my opinion , there is only one good solution .
more than EUR 800 000 is spent in public procurement every year .
we only have to look at the previous policy of regulating the financial market to see - if we are reasonably honest - that we have promised a deal for months - in fact , over the years - to regulate those markets that have lost us , but until now we have only been able to make some progress .
EMAS is a voluntary plan which provides a framework for helping businesses and organisations to improve their performance performance .
a person working in that company can find itself up to another company .
( DE ) Mr President , we are thinking about the victims of 31 May and we sympathise with their relatives and friends .
the unpleasant aspect of the system is the fact that it can lead to other market situations , since VAT is collected at the latest stage of the supply chain .
the implementation of the European semester that began at the beginning of this year will contribute to strengthening budgetary discipline , macro-economic stability and growth , and obliges Member States to change their economic and budgetary policies .
it is unacceptable for the US to provide a &apos; yes &apos; to so-called political asylum .
people are rising at the age of 25 , and that is good .
once again the revolution is once again at the forefront of the revolution in the run-up to the 20th anniversary of the opening ceremony .
thirdly , we also need something which I would call &apos; the way of an UNK &apos; , which will demonstrate the way for Europe forward .
we must not give the impression that a few countries are not recognised for creating a new service .
we want to be more proactive in changes to change .
empty promises of global warming will not stop .
I want to draw attention to the fact that it is completely unthinkable to achieve maximum sustainable yield for all species of fish at the same time .
we think it is important for us to have comprehensive legislation .
firstly , there is an urgent need to change the Member States from managing fraud and irregularities and for the information needed to fight fraud , waste and waste management and the collection of taxes .
in my opinion , the Green Paper is a document from the Commission that is precisely the current demographic challenge facing the EU &apos;s cohesion policy .
I voted in favour of the report on the education of early childhood education because I say that child care is an important part of everyday life and life .
I would like to remind the West Bank of its commitment to the European Union and its citizens .
allow me to just mention a few more words in relation to these two issues , one question concerned the government of Lukashenko .
Mr President , we will then have a transparency register !
first of all , we must support the rapporteur &apos;s proposal to adopt the European Parliament &apos;s Bureau of 2010 for the year 2010 as approved by the Bureau of the European Parliament in the form of approved by the Bureau of the European Parliament in April of this year .
his predecessor has already called on the United Nations Security Council to examine crimes against humanity in Burma , as has been done in Rwanda in Rwanda , Bosnia and Darfur .
thirdly , the Leonardo report by Mr Domenici recommends that the whole of the EU has a certain amount of money on the movement of money , or out of them .
in addition to that , I am working with my very committed colleague Neelie UNK on the Digital Agenda .
we know that climate change was not an optimal market economy .
we must cooperate actively with Member States in order to encourage them to comply with these political commitments and put pressure on the authorities to develop functional airspace blocks .
these are all victims of violence against them in order to fight against tax fraud .
according to the Council of Europe , between 5 % and 100 % of the illegal immigrants are from illegal immigrants , and that means a thousand victims per year .
as soon as soon as possible , I call on the Council to give us a decision on our instruments in the coming years .
of course , Russia has weaknesses in respect for democracy and the rule of law .
we support the real initiatives which stand for the rights of workers throughout Europe , but if the Treaty of Lisbon and the Charter of Human Rights itself are , in fact , the decisions of the European Court of Justice in favour of the exploitation of migrant workers in cross-border business , how can we support it ?
a change of course must be put in place against tax fraud .
we need to establish separate rules for the local authorities in order to ensure that there is also a fair choice for customers and not for their parents .
as a result , I wonder that , if the Commission has its information , as it has said , and it is obliged to disclose , why , for example , no one knew about .
it is possible to see all figures on what has been done to get out of money that has been done incorrectly .
to what has already been said , I would just like to add that 20 000 children have disappeared in the years to come and 500 of them have been found .
let us be honest : there is no way of getting economic integration with economic integration , and that is why it refers to a closer political union .
in the context of the second plenary part-session of March , we will have a debate on the priorities for adjustment to cohesion policy .
it is legitimate concern that greater efficiency is achieved at the expense of citizens &apos; rights , and it is high time to overcome this gap .
Spain is grateful to the European Union , to its neighbours and large countries such as France , Germany , Italy , which has helped to bring our country into democracy , has welcomed us in Europe and helped us with our development .
Mr President , following the Copenhagen Summit , we will revisit the issue of the whole of the Middle East .
could you please clarify the subject of the Rules of Procedure and the report on the ground was held in order to take the agenda from the agenda that we had to discuss this afternoon ?
I would like to address some of the issues that have already been mentioned .
( NL ) Mr President , I do see that I am not , unfortunately , the only one who will be deeply concerned about this rather UNK initiative , whose undeniable aim is to discredit Italy as a country in which a great deal is threatened to a great extent .
the President of the Commission also confirms that this change is only limited but the German Government does not seem to think it .
we need to invest better and more in education and training .
thus , the number of European average donors in Romania is only 0.5 .
however , I would like to draw attention to the existence of certain weaknesses , in particular with regard to recruitment planning , which I hope will be able to improve the situation with regard to the ongoing process of the forthcoming financial market .
in writing . - ( PT ) The patients &apos; health is provided with better results with regard to patients &apos; health , since the more informed is made of patients , the better they understand the decisions concerning their treatment .
it is also true that the situation in Europe is generally good in terms of both the amount and quality of human rights in Europe .
we must act now and , after a few months of contact with the Americans , we believe that this will place us in a better situation in the negotiations and will provide an equitable basis which will enable us to strengthen security and citizens &apos; rights in the European Union and perhaps even in the United States .
however , in this sector there will be a number of clarification .
every one of you has a time to speak .
relations between the European Union and Turkey ( vote )
advertising is an important means of ensuring that the CE marking is functioning in a suitable way .
it also ensures that this is ensured by the application of controls and implementing measures in the application of the implementing measures and the costs that the Member States bear in relation to the system of control and application of the common fisheries policy , as well as the collection , management and use of data collection .
this is why it is so important to review the coherence in order to ensure that our policy actions in others do not harm or undermine the development of development policy .
without the consent of the Commission , of which Mr Brok spoke of , and which extends the powers of the European Parliament further .
in addition , cooperation with Russia in this area must not mean European defence of Central Europe .
it is linked to human dignity and historical rights .
we Members of the Communist Party in Greece are opposed to the modernisation of the railways , particularly in Greece , where rail transport is not up to the needs of the people and , in many cases , the management of stocks of outdated infrastructure and market management .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( IT ) I would like to request a roll-call vote in the final vote .
together , they will be able to step up the changes and solutions at global level , such as working together to promote and implement development goals , in order to tackle poverty , economic and social inequalities , strengthening cooperation in the area of development aid , including in trilateral cooperation , and , at the same time , fighting international terrorism , drug trafficking and criminality .
austerity must be sensible in terms of the future .
it is important to give the right signal to Member States which will be able to finance European funds through medium-term financial assistance .
11 .
a new document under examination of the new framework of OLAF was the subject of consultations with the Council of the European Union , the Court of Auditors and the Committee on Civil Liberties , in addition , which is important , a public debate was held - in other words , the general public &apos;s opinion .
does the Commission share the view that such a mechanism would help to create a cohesion policy that is more ambitious than that ?
a natural disaster in the last week was shocked by every proper person .
there needs to be a means of this , and I would like to thank the Commission and , in particular , Commissioner Figeľ , for the fact that the Commission is willing to cooperate in this matter .
however , my studies took a very long time ago , as you can see in my opening remarks .
I do not believe that the people of Europe want these tens of thousands of people , and I think that we should pay more attention to what people want to see in their food and not what companies want to add to .
I am convinced that this debate should have been present in the Council , and that has to be loud and clear .
it is extremely important to support them , not only in relation to meat , but also in relation to housing , a sector that I very much know .
my request is always in a coordinated effort in a coordinated way throughout the world so that our businesses in Wales , in the EU and elsewhere , have access to capital in future .
the microfinance facility is an interesting instrument , with financial support for people who are unemployed or who are at risk of becoming unemployed , as well as for businesses in the social economy .
it is in this spirit that the coordination of the Commission &apos;s measures should take place .
we have heard about the UNK companies , the Member States of the Member States and the EU Counter-Terrorism Coordinator .
I can assure you all at all today that , when the European Parliament chooses my office , I shall be implementing these political guidelines in my second term and that , in the drafting of the next Commission &apos;s Legislative and Work Programme , will be put in place with the next Commission on the legislative and work programme .
in its statement , we reaffirm that all members of the euro area must take credible national policies in accordance with the agreed rules and should be aware of their shared responsibility to guarantee economic and financial stability in the euro area .
we are currently seeing the problems of energy dependency .
in writing . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I have voted in favour of the report by Mr Lundgren on National Energy Efficiency Action in favour of the Committee on Regional Development .
this is indeed one of the areas where we can make a significant contribution to cooperating with us in this House .
the EP has introduced responsibilities within the framework of institutional knowledge and public life within Europe , but it also creates ever closer ties with national parliaments , most of whom are represented here today .
he is wrong .
decisions concerning certain documents (
as the Western Balkans is in large numbers of UNK and UNK , we expect that a negative trend will continue with the negative social consequences of this .
in the case of applicants , the relevant procedures are often based on inappropriate criteria .
I am sorry that the remaining ten or twelve Members could not speak , but with regard to time and the rules of the Rules of Procedure , that was impossible .
our main concern was to speed up regional dialogue and support regional integration , to reinforce bilateral relations - taking account of the diversity of the region - and to adapt social security measures to enhance their effectiveness and results in results .
that is why we do not want to introduce such a model in Europe , knowing full well that my country has limited access to the Internet .
in writing . - ( FR ) I welcome the adoption of the Council of the Council amending the common position of the 1997 Council at second reading with the aim of completing the internal market in the internal market in the Community &apos;s postal services , and I thank my excellent German colleague Mr Pieper for his enormous work on this issue .
this legislative regulation deals primarily with the production , import , export , export , stockpiling , recycling , recovery and destruction of the market .
the Liberal Group has submitted an application to extend the deadline for a resolution to the Rules of Procedure and the amendments to the European Parliament &apos;s priorities for the Commission &apos;s Legislative and Social Committee on the Commission &apos;s legislative and work programme , with 10 to 10 : 30 : 00 .
written statements ( Rule 149 )
coordination of social security systems - UNK coordination : Annex III - Regulation ( EC ) No 883 / 2004 to third-country nationals who are not covered by these provisions ( debate )
we hope that this potential will be exploited and will become a reality .
that is why we have an excellent opportunity to develop legislation in these new areas , where it is still lacking .
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution drawn up by different political groups .
does the Member States also show unity here ?
the study carried out recently in the University of UNK has given rise to anxiety in this House with regard to the possible use of the CE mark , which is being used for reasons such as evidence of certain age groups and charges .
people think that the mass destruction of the spread of the spread of the disease should take place as humane as possible .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it would be hypocritical for Parliament , having supported the oral amendment by a very large majority of Mrs Angelilli , in which the condolences and support of the European Parliament to the family of an unjustified and difficult crime that occurred in our country , then , should not be adopted with a firm stance to avoid these acts , the massacre of honest citizens , taking on a lack of control .
the supervision of fisheries is currently making a greater commitment to the Member States , either because of the common fisheries policy ( CFP ) or multilateral cooperation , which is also reflected in the proposed transposition .
following the analysis in the proposal , it is imperative to state that the compromise package , supported by groups from the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , the European Parliament &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats in Europe , fully reflects the interests of the groups concerned directly by the directive .
we therefore call on Commissioner Malmström , who stated in his letter , that he does not intend to negotiate with regard to the GSP + provisions , to remove the requirement for the financial perspective of an EPA with the Caribbean countries to join the following agreements and to make commitments within the following agreements and provisions : with respect to the rules of law , the directive on the enforcement of intellectual property rights , the provisions of the directive on the enforcement of intellectual property rights .
thanks to you and to the entire College of Commissioners and staff .
in relation to this , we have to be very careful that we do not impose too much regulations and that there will not be too much time off from the market .
the introduction of electronic data exchange for Polish air passengers has greatly reduced the number of errors in contact between institutions .
safety must be given priority in all areas of life as well as in the conditions of airports , and this must not be an affront to conflicts with national authorities .
it is one of the ideological words I would like to get rid of .
the global situation in the global economy will increase the increase in the rate of growth and a lack of knowledge in Europe .
protecting investors is important , but the Commission will be asked to present a clear definition of the issue of innovative investments .
but the most recent thing is that many of the Members of the European Parliament who defend Christians throughout the world still support Turkey &apos;s accession to the EU .
we should be pleased that the principle of the principle of non-refoulement is guaranteed in the courts of the Member States .
( HU ) Mr President , I would like to say that I fully agree with the rapporteur and support him , as well as Commissioner Malmström in seeking a solution to this problem , in accordance with the principles of the rule of law , respect for human rights , data protection , and , of course , also for judicial cooperation .
the number of votes in favour should not exceed 10 % or 20 % .
however , the solution to the problem is certainly not the best way to introduce a ban on imports from gambling on the grounds that they encourage their children to have their children .
I am counting on you , Commissioner .
what is more , in light of the above , the Presidency focuses on the progress report on 15 October , as this is one of the priorities .
in this context , the European Union is obliged to monitor closely the developments in relation to human rights and use all its influence to change such a negative trend .
the human rights of human beings in relation to energy problems seem to be ineffective .
thank you .
the European Parliament is five months for five months if women &apos;s human rights should be a priority or not .
many questions have been raised , including intellectual property rights and public procurement , and pension rights have reduced the scope of political action on both sides .
it seems to me that civil society is an important area .
the work of Mr UNK UNK , but will also provide energy for the whole of the future .
Madam President , Baroness Ashton , I would like to thank Mr Salafranca for his excellent report on the EU &apos;s strategic relations and partnership with Latin America .
I am very happy to support Mrs Doyle &apos;s reactionary policy , which obliges fishermen to access the whole of their emissions .
I agree with what has been said by Mrs Gomes on Mrs Gomes .
this initiative will therefore make an important contribution to achieving our ambitious goals as part of a partnership for growth and employment .
( RO ) The Romanians of the European Parliament opted for the first time in Monday .
written statements ( Rule 149 )
the next item is the debate on six motions for a resolution on Burma .
in writing . - ( PL ) I voted in favour of the resolution of the violation of human rights , because we must not allow them to be violated , nor will it be accepted by either people or citizens .
it is therefore important to promote the diversity of diversity , which extends to the traditional agricultural and agricultural sectors ; to guarantee young farmers access to credit ; to encourage the development of the food supply chain in order to contribute to climate change and to transfer prices on the global market .
this means that Europe must fight with new vision and complex policies in order to maintain its position in decisions on the global economy .
the Council will have to monitor just as rigorous as the other European agencies , and the discharge must be submitted in written documents .
it is very important , however , to ensure that the process is compatible with EU data protection legislation .
there should be no regulation of any kind of criminal offence , be it public or private .
in writing . - When the regulation was adopted in 2004 in 2004 , which is currently being discussed , Frontex was not yet formally created .
President-in-Office of the Council . - ( it ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , many of the topics are currently blocked because the problem is that Parliament still wants to apply the Community method , but the Council does not want to move in this direction .
I think it is necessary for a gradual consolidation of the budget and the protection of the European social model .
the report , in particular , called for the allocation of funds to Eurojust and Europol , which are not in line with UK law .
I also note in my report that ...
the EU must propose a series of short-term goals which Bosnia can fulfil so that its citizens can see progress in progress and finding an incentive to continue with the reform process .
these organisations can help to raise consumer protection at the heart of the dialogue on the regulation of the financial markets .
we have had good initiatives and instruments , such as the &apos; creation &apos; programme for growth and jobs , or the project &apos; think small first &apos; , and there have been legislative success - the Services Directive , supervision of the financial markets , climate change policy and a new energy package , if some are mentioned here .
I did so because I believe it is important to improve the EU &apos;s capacity to respond to disasters and that market measures have become increasingly necessary , as are the EU &apos;s global response to disasters .
EU-Brazil Partnership Agreement between the EU and Syria ( vote )
Mr Orbán , you are destroying the Hungarian economy .
we have laid down in Mrs Hedegaard &apos;s action plan that , by 2050 , we will have to reduce CO2 emissions by 10 % in the energy sector .
however , we must keep our values : we cannot afford a country &apos;s architecture if , in this way , nationalist rhetoric or a significant UNK of the past have an manipulation of the past .
different legal systems may complement each other , as I hope in the future .
( applause )
I believe that it is also a good thing - and it is also something that is actually the mandatory consequence of the Treaty of Lisbon - that the position of the House in the international negotiations on international agreements will improve significantly , and it will have to be made possible for Parliament to have genuine access to all information and all forms of protection .
I think we have achieved this with legislation on the citizens &apos; initiative .
it will be too early on the night and , when a person who is born home and wants to go along with children or with children , there has been a debate .
( applause )
in the European Union , we have obvious gas emissions in the case of motor vehicles .
it will enable Europe to do better and it will provide it with the necessary means so that it can speak up to a more democratic voice on the world stage .
it must be based on an integrated approach linking the implementation of existing and new standards and the dissemination of good practice .
Commissioner Füle rightly said that the economic conditions will make the political difficulties more acute .
at the same time , this system , and more generally the integration of the Schengen acquis into a wider range of instruments for dealing with international crime and corruption .
author . - Mr President , before we vote in favour of a resolution which I tabled on the accession of the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , I would like to make three technical points so that everyone can decide on the basis of the correct text .
the rate of unemployment among young people at the beginning of the year was 20 % and , at the same time , the percentage rate of pupils leaving a school level of 17 % , with the highest influence being affecting young people in rural areas .
if we are in favour of a social policy , let us do this by means of a friendly appeal , as a cultural democrat is at risk of being discriminated against .
the political debate in the Georgian crisis will not only increase the security of the European Union but also engage very strongly in relations with Russia .
these deficits will damage both Member States and the victims of persecution .
if food is one of the most obvious and greatest concerns on the market , with more than 500 million consumers , this evaluation and investigation requires an extremely high level of professionalism , efficiency and impartiality .
Stockholm Programme ( vote )
that is why it is so important that every Member State should implement structural reforms , to which the Commission and the European Central Bank have repeatedly drawn attention in the past .
( FR ) Mr President , at a time of economic recession , it is important for the European Union to continue to support the developing world .
yes , I believe that we must review the situation with regard to the standards with regard to genetically modified organisms .
the next item is the vote .
that role must be fulfilled by the IMF .
I agree with the Commissioner that the EU &apos;s presence in the Indian Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs ( UNK ) is a good thing , but my question to the Commission is as follows :
it is true that we have to deal with them , but not with the fact that we need a policy at EU level in order to deal with the global economy .
it is time for Member States to share resources .
I call on the Commission to conduct research and draw up projects for the Black Sea region , which has become a strategic area for the trans-European networks .
I think we should have the rule that we should know at least two hours to speak during the one-minute speeches .
in writing . - The Guillaume report covers important human rights and highlights the need to respect human rights in respect of human rights .
it is true that we cannot get rid of the issue of undeclared work only with regulation .
I therefore support the proposal to improve cooperation , even if some Member States are not participating in cooperation .
the reason for this is that the salaries of MEPs are regulated by Members of the European Parliament , and a statute is required for the amendment of Members &apos; salaries , or an amendment to the constitution , which cannot be done in plenary with a vote of any EU budget in plenary .
yes , there are , in fact , illegal immigrants .
we have examples of this .
the Commission will examine the possibility of initiating projects to better combat Pakistan &apos;s lives .
the right response would be to agree on a European strategy to fight the high price of food and energy together with the protection of poorer households .
the method of enforcement , particularly in relation to the basic rights and fundamental rights of 23 chapters , is an important milestone for European standards for this country .
good luck .
I am pleased that this question is being addressed in the report , so I am pleased that this question is being addressed in the report .
in doing so , I would like to draw attention to the fact that Kosovo is an integral part of Serbia and is not a separate legal entity under international law .
on the basis of these considerations , I voted in favour of the Portuguese candidate for the post of European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority , who , according to the law , must comply with strict rules with regard to independence .
that is why we abstained from voting .
further cooperation in this area is foreseen for the period 2011-2013 .
secondly , I would like to emphasise that , given that the coordination of organ donation is lacking today , it is very important to reinforce in particular this part and , in particular , coordinate the existing system of organs for organ donation , for example , through a European civil protection force and a pan-European business market .
I firmly believe that the government of every EU Member State has the capacity to express its opinion in favour of and against Cuba .
the statistics of international organisations are terrible , according to which hundreds of thousands of Christians in the world are murdered every year .
these areas will assess our work and also our policies on the basis of the results achieved .
the EU now requires a reduction in expenditure , but is it realistic to expect that in Greece , public expenditure will be reduced , with 20 % of the working population working in employment , and if 50 % of SMEs are the country &apos;s only means of transport ?
I think it is fair to emphasise that during these months , when we worked closely with the Commission and the Council , we have undoubtedly achieved an important objective for the European Union , with the first priority being given to the European political agenda in the area of the technical nature .
the idea of introducing a technical opinion of the Committee on International Monetary Affairs is an acceptable intention , but it should not be implemented in a way that is recommended at the moment .
in its Communication of September 2008 in 2008 , a &apos; UNK &apos; : European wealth and a common responsibility &apos; is confirmed by the Commission &apos;s support for all Community policies based on them , including those spoken by minorities .
the proposal by Mr Frattini , with regard to the transfer of legal entry into the system of visas , may , in my opinion , facilitate the reduction of illegal migration within the European Union , but can also achieve more effective illegal migration control in third countries .
illegal immigration is an enormous problem in Britain .
all of us want to reach out to the age of 18 , but not to be a community of society and a society of society .
that is why we are preparing a very important package of availability , opportunities and solidarity that will be completed before the summer .
we call on the Commission to comply with the commitment of the House to ensure that all forms of discrimination are covered by the European Union .
as long as the European Union is not speaking with a single voice in its common foreign and security policy , we have a great deal to introduce effective and systematic Community sanctions .
it is obvious that , following the war in Georgia , the West needed every small amount of money which could be done in an attempt to balance the growing influence of Moscow on maritime safety .
the Commission &apos;s &apos; soft landing &apos; policy and the annual 2 % increase in quotas until 2014 , when the current regulation expires , increases the unequal distribution of quotas between Member States .
we will not be able to shift this burden to private enterprise .
so there is the issue that we will have to deal with here today and in the future ; two things :
in addition , we need clarity and responsibility in respect of the victims .
migration , economic uncertainty and political tension also put pressure on the relationship between the different cultural , ethnic and religious groups .
it is in our hands to remain united in this country .
it also advocates the creation of a safety net and supports the interconnection of fisheries networks .
it is therefore important for legislation within the Member States of the European Union , and sometimes the regulations concerning waste disposal and recycling , but the most important thing is that , ultimately , there will be no guarantee of the exclusion of waste and the disposal of nuclear waste .
when we speak of technology transfer , it must take place in all areas .
as usual , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his excellent report and I fully agree with her that we should be sure that the system will become more innovative and , above all , more and more useful .
it requires a response to them .
the murder of Nasrin Sotoudeh , who was arrested on 4 September , has been sentenced to death , and now 11 , sentenced to 11 years , is an example of this phenomenon .
explanations of vote
there is nothing about democratic destabilisation of the law , a monetary policy that protects industry and job creation .
in writing . - ( BG ) Ladies and gentlemen , the reports from the Commission do not reflect that the German Federal Government had in any way been violated by competition rules for the internal market .
this will mean a stronger role for Parliament - you - it is a stronger democratic supervision .
we certainly do not want to establish US conditions .
cereal prices have now fallen sharply , so it is now up to USD 43 or 45 , but the same very steep reduction has also been achieved by the prices of many other raw materials .
indeed , I think it is a good idea to give the countries involved in the border with the EU border not only as a result of economic development , but also for external issues .
as regards the specific issue of Iceland &apos;s introduction of the euro with the EU &apos;s entry into force , Iceland can , of course , accept such a decision , but it must be clearly stated that the Commission , as well as the European Central Bank &apos;s firm view , is that a unilateral &apos; no &apos; vote is a political choice for Iceland .
however , if we provide him with the foundations of the health system , we have helped not only him all in her speech , but also her children .
we have seen his action at length and UNK meetings , resulting in the Nairobi .
it is not an easy issue , but we will continue to deal with it .
trafficking in human beings has long since day been of a very important point in the European Union &apos;s agenda and , of course , we must continue with the combination of various measures to tackle this appalling violation of fundamental rights .
in order to guarantee sustainable economic development in terms of achieving the prosperity of the EU , two key issues must be addressed .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I , too , would like to join my colleagues in thanking Mrs Stauner for her report and for her congratulations on that .
I am thinking of Western Sahara .
that is why the Council does not give its action to this issue , but to a wider debate in the wider context of the debate on the general package of the common agricultural policy health check .
instead , we are in favour of measures which will guarantee the only truly common policy that exists in the European Union .
I would first of all like to thank the rapporteurs for these important contributions to the preparation of the report on the Single Market and I congratulate them on the results .
in this connection , the development of the system and ensuring a decent level of discrimination against discrimination were an issue of particular attention .
you have worked a great deal in this House today , and I thank you for coming here to you and for such excellent and in-depth answers .
that is , in fact , something that we have achieved .
we need to increase the Lisbon Strategy for growth and employment , and the relationship between climate change and energy .
it is absolutely necessary that all of the information which is given is accessible , in a way that is accessible and accessible to information , with a clearly visible information provision , and to help people in time of natural disasters , and should cooperate in order to provide access to free and fair information tailored to the needs of the pharmaceutical industry and a free and more informed information .
many of them have asked me what we are doing and what Europe is for them and their family .
thirdly , the Commission has tried to ensure that Member States which are vulnerable to the influx of refugees and illegal immigrants find themselves in a very short way from a very short term of recovery .
thank you .
Mr Guardans , Mr Medina and Mr Mitchell have really emphasised that , and I agree with them .
it is because criminals and criminals are not afraid of the law .
why is that ?
this is a question for both the Commissioner and the Council , and it is linked to the fact that 80 % of our funds are in fact spent in the Member States , and Parliament has been in favour of national management declarations for many years .
in my opinion , a balance must be struck between the need to comply with the need for privacy and the need to enforce .
nevertheless , we support the paragraph , which considers excessive working hours and a lack of education for illnesses and requires the right balancing of labour and family life .
the strategy that I , as my fellow Member , and which the rapporteur has also followed up , thus involved in a balancing of this proposal with a view to ensuring that it does not close to scientists &apos; scientists .
it is considered regrettable that the recital of the proposal for a Council on the creation of a PNR system system has not been subject to so many legally binding clauses in relation to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms ( ECHR ) ;
illegal logging is often the first step towards the universal destruction of natural forests .
if there are differences between us , then it will be difficult to move towards any targets ; so the transatlantic relationship will enable us together to achieve results that we will not be able to achieve alone .
thirdly , I would like to address the issue of energy .
after all , there is no doubt that security is an absolute necessity .
the same is the case in its report published at the same time .
in this context , I would like to emphasise that , in addition to the financial framework for the EDF , there will now be funds within the framework of what is known as an amount of EUR 100 million in the period 2007-2013 .
in particular , it is particularly important for us to have full equality with regard to the EU institutions and the employees of the Member States .
however , I would like to clarify that I do not want to face up to the general framework , but only to achieve greater flexibility within the framework of the existing framework in order to respond to new needs .
although the EU has not confirmed all the recommendations , it clearly made it clear that the Goldstone report takes place very seriously .
I also supported the amendment of the &apos; toolbox &apos; , the revision of this revision must not undermine the importance of sustainable development .
the next item is the debate on data collection .
perhaps Parliament &apos;s father or mother would be logical .
these are also part of the commitments made by Russia as a member of the United Nations , the OSCE and the Council of Europe .
once the already UNK networks are not used , they will eventually be abolished at all , which will cause damage to all users .
the opinion states that the law threatens the free movement of workers , which is one of the greatest achievements of European integration , and is also a threat to the functioning of the European Union &apos;s internal market , and , in addition , the amended language law is in conflict with the Audiovisual Media Services Directive and Article 56 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union with regard to the freedom to provide services .
in writing . - This report , which aims to ensure greater transparency , efficiency and consistency with regard to European expenditure , is more important than ever before to the EU budget .
it is true that there can be a partial loss of what I have referred to in my question , but it is the case that the Danish Social Democrats are not allowed to go into air transport before the technical problems have been resolved , whereas others use aircraft with the same technical problems .
the Commission &apos;s progress report on 7 November is expected on 7 November , and I think it is very important that in this report , the current positive developments in Turkey are reflected in the current situation .
do I have the right to say that you have offered a new , UNK formula for implementing it ?
this concerns the necessary studies , both in terms of insurance and insurance , as well as with regard to decommissioning activities , as well as research into further improving the future of coal and steel .
after Nazi power , he remained in Poland to fight against the next totalitarian regime , against the Soviet regime .
the Centre has also had to put an end to a programme intended to help the poorest inhabitants in Gaza .
as has already been said , so-called &apos; false &apos; self-employed drivers are often used in real terms and are used in the interests of the major powers of the big powers and of the big multinationals , and on their grounds for concern , which put it under the basic principles of international law .
that is one of the reasons why the PPE Group is calling for the agreement to be applied as soon as possible .
consequently , there should be an increase in funds earmarked for its implementation .
the Services Directive aims to achieve full implementation of the internal market for the Single Market .
it also deals with the nature and the role of the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control ( ECDC ) , as well as the dangers and role of an early warning and response system .
finally , I welcome the adoption of the Council which has been organised by the Council , namely , the right to vote in relation to the maritime safety of these pirates , as well as the right to consular services in the air , provided that the relevant countries agree , and also propose a coordinated assistance mechanism for cases of fraud .
the compromise offers all this .
it was our last debate on the future of Europe to talk about the future of Europe .
let me make three proposals : ...
that is why the measures which will help improve transparency are welcome and necessary .
I have said this clearly in the plenary session , especially when there has been talk of a ban on the distribution of fruit and vegetables .
thank you very much .
that is the paradox - even asylum seekers are considered to be among the many groups who are taking part in EU entry into different groups .
could you tell the President that , if the current Parliament still has to demonstrate its true sense of influence , then we should review them ?
a similar message was also communicated at the informal Council of Foreign Affairs Ministers at the end of March .
the big question is , of course , what will be followed by such events .
I also support the view that Member States should be given more time to examine whether repealing the directives will lead to legal uncertainty .
one of the UNK UNK out of the entire village and killed hundreds of people .
( DE ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , President of the Commission , this is the greatest achievement of the Portuguese Presidency that the Treaty of Lisbon is now ready to sign up to date , and many Members of this House have certainly made a contribution to it .
it is now agreements with the four basic institutions that have been signed : the UNK UNK from France offers a UNK UNK ; the Red Cross and the Spanish Red Cross will help to restore healthcare services , and the German Red Cross provides shelter , a clean water and a major environmental disaster .
these are my thoughts on the issue of intercultural dialogue , why , who and how .
it is a country where there are 2 million UNK building , many of them in central schools ; the land which has been destroyed can easily be built on the market and then bring them back to the changes made by the government in order to win the majority of the opposition .
if , in the current situation , the European Union recognised the right of Ambassador Robert Mugabe to be recognised , it would certainly be an insult to the people concerned .
( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , we are in favour of your approach which will bring more sensitivity and more sensitivity to the first pillar .
I would just like to add one point to this debate : if working time is going to work , we need systematic inspections in the longer term .
I support expenditure on the promotion of artistic and cultural heritage which can enrich the life of the population , which is why I supported , despite the repeated reservations , that this budget appears to be of great interest .
I have recommended the development of more environmentally friendly fisheries , such as sport or research .
I am now looking forward to an interesting debate and listening to your views .
let me draw your attention to paragraphs 4 and 10 of the report , which emphasise the need to harmonise the social and economic rights of self-employed persons or of working women .
in this context , I would like to ask the Commissioner if , on the other hand , the Commissioner for Transport , whose activities sometimes interfere in the marine environment and affects it , will be taken into account in Community policy in this area in order to avoid environmental damage .
I support the principle of ensuring that all democratic institutions have a duty to guarantee their activities , their documents and their decision-making public .
( HU ) I was shocked at the outbreak of the African delegation in the food conference : &apos; do not go to Africa &apos; .
the summit is , in fact , poorly prepared , both in terms of the common vision that we need in terms of resources and resources that we use .
we demand comparable , non-discriminatory , consistent and complete data .
together , we will be able to reach both necessary results , thus achieving the free movement of people and security for all countries .
in my opinion , there are problems with primary legislation and not the application of legislation itself .
this policy must be brought to an end and the value of women &apos;s role , the rights of women and equality , and the value added , inter alia , to the network of land resources , health , education and housing , and the strengthening of all of this .
I strongly appeal to the European Parliament to speak out in order to speak well on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of the signing of the budget procedure .
it would seem as if this institution has an obsession to prove its value in purely action : be it good , bad or bad .
nevertheless , it is in the UK interest that Pakistan should now have trade preferences .
I therefore think it is unfair to show a picture of Mr Van Orden , who fulfils all of his duties as President of the European Council , together with the UNK person .
I am sure that such a statement will be made in a successful manner .
they want the institutions to do that together , and that is why they want cooperation .
the key criterion for the Doha Round has been the inclusion of all Member States in all matters of negotiations , with a complex approach being applied in such a wide range of areas .
air carriers are the main major source of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and throughout the world .
( NL ) Mr President , allow me to begin by congratulating the rapporteur .
the situation will get worse if we do nothing .
if this does not succeed , will the Commission speak of some of the programme that it has created in relation to the exchange of best practices in this area between Member States ?
I would like to emphasise the importance of certain provisions of this plan , in particular , the provisions concerning measures to increase the energy performance of existing technologies and social buildings .
Mr President , as a representative of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Cooperation , I strongly condemn the measures which the Belarusian authorities have adopted in order to oppose the largest organisation of the Italian minority and of members of the opposition party .
written statements ( Rule 149 )
in addition to the construction and construction of energy-efficient vehicles , Member States should also invest in the safety of road infrastructure .
however , it is obvious that the Dublin system was not developed and planned as a means of sharing the burden .
some are the Greeks who are treated differently from other Europeans .
I fully support the idea that , although the Member States themselves can collect the data requested by this regulation , however , the harmonisation of statistical data will require the action of the Commission in order to guarantee their comparability .
in a way that is to adapt , we will have to do so by helping them to achieve a legal system in which the tradition of a united front is the tradition of a united front .
there are also &apos; missing commitments &apos; , amounting to EUR 10 billion .
the Joint Committee &apos;s Joint Committee met in June .
I would like to conclude with a comment on the political debate concerning the reallocation of funding for youth employment .
all medical care , regardless of their own nature , falls within the scope of application .
given that next year will be the European Year of Volunteering , it is of particular importance that the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service - which supports youth participation in voluntary activities , with the aim of developing solidarity and promoting youth among young people - becomes stronger .
( PL ) Mr President , I voted against .
in fact , innovation is an integral part of the European Commission &apos;s package of climate change and the European Economic Recovery Plan .
as a result of fraud , it is difficult to assess the size of their taxes .
I hope they all really seek democratic change , especially now that they , like Ukraine , have enormous economic problems .
a great deal is written on the UNK of UNK de France , and it is a UNK who currently bears the right to vote .
they are more demanding in their countries with regard to the authorities .
this will , of course , mean the transposition of relevant legal provisions into national law and , if necessary , the launch of proceedings against those Member States which have identified violations of European Union law .
this is not linked to a permanent legal system .
( DE ) Mr President , Mr Karas has already mentioned some of the key issues .
first of all , the Council decided to continue the dialogue with the European Union and Cuba , which are based on the principle of reciprocity , on the basis of the principle of reciprocity , which deals with all issues of mutual interest .
secondly , we need to set higher targets in the transatlantic dialogue on issues which both the rapporteur and Commissioner have referred to , perhaps in relation to Iran , Iraq , the Middle East , Afghanistan and so on .
the European Economic Recovery Plan provides for major public investment in the modernisation of transport and energy infrastructure .
we have to bear in mind one thing : we can also import food in the event of need , but not in a way that does not meet our conditions .
in order to overcome the crisis that occurred in the crisis , the Commission has launched a number of key issues .
the relocation of UNK companies is based on a relatively cheap market economy and a market for clients with customers , on the basis of which they continue to buy expensive road users .
according to World Bank statistics , about 44 million people have fallen into extreme poverty in developing countries since June of last year , since food prices have reached a year 2008 at the beginning of 2011 , with a drastic impact on poverty worldwide .
I voted in favour of Mrs Angelilli &apos;s report because we need urgent , effective action to tackle the causes and the effects of the sexual exploitation of children and child pornography .
for Britain , of course , the answer is to leave the European Union , take control of their own territorial waters , and the restoration of the right to vote again in a national legal order .
in order for relations with India to be balanced , our Member States must do the same .
however , it appears that the judicial system has helped to resolve the complex Doha Round .
as always , this is the taxpayer who has to pay for this so-called increase .
they are interested in international action , but at the same time they must take into account their regional and other links and also that these aspects must not be abandoned in any international activity .
that brings me to my second point , which is of particular importance to us at this time .
political representation in the European elections is very important for countries with a large share of the population in another Member State of the European Union such as Romania .
the reduction in debt is a very important issue for most countries , taking account of its negative impact on economic recovery and economic growth through increased taxes and taxes .
it is important for Member States to show solidarity with each other and to share responsibility in respect of compliance with international requirements .
nevertheless , in practical terms , I would like to draw attention to two key issues for the Spanish Presidency of the Spanish Presidency .
in particular , when it comes to the flow of migrants from Africa , it is very important that the countries of the Mediterranean region have been encouraged to tackle this response .
as Members of the European Parliament , we are forced to emphasise the need to respect international obligations , such as human rights and gender equality , in order to keep the dignity of women and the children of numerous Congolese Congolese children .
in our opinion , it is unacceptable to treat people working on an equal footing with those who are self-employed .
however , we now find that you - the Treaty of Lisbon - are included in the horizontal obligation to protect consumers , contrary to what you have done in accordance with the division of portfolios in the European Commission , precisely the opposite , since , for example , consumer protection is not just one Commissioner , but a number of others .
President-in-Office of the Council . - As far as the first question is concerned , there have been many bilateral meetings with the aim of preparing and simplifying the negotiations .
consequently , the European Union must focus on this problem .
migration to sustainable and modern migration requires five things : democracy , the development of democracy , respect for international law , European solidarity , and , above all , without prejudice to any UNK rhetoric .
the only way to tackle this problem in a permanent way is to improve the resilience of our fisheries sector in terms of fuel price rises .
however , a strategic partnership must be based on respect for human rights in China , because we need partnerships with countries which are democratic , not totalitarian .
in order to ensure the success of the Europe 2020 strategy , regions must be more involved in areas and the European Commission must continue to make available financial instruments for simplifying the funds .
today , an important piece of legislation which recognises the right of citizens to submit a legislative initiative to establish their right to citizenship is an important piece of legislation .
in addition , we were able to hold a public debate on the Kyoto Protocol and the future legal outcome .
who would like to take the floor ?
I agree with the rapporteur when she points out that , in light of the new competences granted by the Treaty of Lisbon , the European Parliament must monitor the negotiations and implementation of the voluntary partnership agreements , and calls on the Commission to submit , among the documents relating to the implementation of the Treaty , a study of the social , economic and environmental impact of the agreement .
however , I would like to remind you that , following the accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union , the European Union has been partly able to join the sea , and we cannot ignore its strategic importance in terms of the whole world .
this response is obvious in the Commission , and also in this room , because some people find that the EU has no role in this matter .
the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) has already been used in other EU countries , particularly Portugal and Spain , and it is now time to grant this aid to Belgium and Ireland .
I support the idea that the European Parliament should propose concrete proposals for the financing and budgetary control of the European Union &apos;s External Action Service .
I thank the European Parliament for all the support it can make in this area .
I would like to address the digital content services next time , when I have convincing data .
the European Union must act .
secondly , the model was created for the fisheries of one species , at the same time the majority of Community fisheries resources have been destroyed , which means the transfer or distribution of many species , which clearly runs counter to the actual fact of the maximum sustainable yield .
I explained to you that the Gdynia and Szczecin sector can help solve the future viability of the sector for workers .
( the President cut off the speaker )
the rapporteur in the European Parliament &apos;s report does not seem to give particular concern to these objections .
at the same time , we must make every effort to make progress in relations with China .
the demand for food has risen across the globe , and is caused by increased production costs , great instability in agricultural markets , land , water and energy shortages .
this will reduce the amount of funds earmarked for the fund to the Fund for the period 2008-2013 from EUR 1 million to EUR UNK million .
this regulation provides for Community procedures for monitoring and monitoring of the authorisation of human and veterinary medicines and establishing a European Medicines Agency and will help guarantee patients &apos; right to obtain reliable , accessible and independent information on medicinal products offered by the competent authorities .
I have not forgotten any other problem .
about 4 million have left a population of more than 2 million .
I fully support Tunisia &apos;s transition to democracy and the right to strike .
in the light of the scale of the necessary consolidation , this programme expresses the highest level of harmonisation and is an ambitious programme .
I am also prepared to assist the negotiations in full .
we must consider them very carefully , very wisely and be open to the concerns and needs of all the countries affected .
it is because the countries of the European Union prove that this is possible .
2.5 million people have left their homes to escape violence .
in this context , all EU policy areas are linked to five international issues .
Serbia &apos;s path in that direction has been so much more than difficult since the break-up of Soviet power and the break-up of Yugoslavia .
in order to be an active citizen , people must have a more humane business environment .
it is true that it should first be examined by the national regulatory authorities , but they are also told that there are problems in other Member States of the EU .
a partnership agreement began between both countries and the framework agreement on economic cooperation also applies .
as early as 2005 , the Azerbaijani President of Azerbaijan confirmed that all journalists &apos; rights are respected and can rely on assistance in any case of any risk .
in this regard , our actions should be guided by the principle of the principle of as little as possible .
we will not achieve credibility in the world if , in particular , the measures we have adopted in terms of migration management and our policy on terrorism caused by terrorism are an example of human rights .
regardless of the way in which we call it , we are in a situation where the multiannual financial framework is having a financial system .
such cases should arise in all Member States , so that every European citizen has access to them .
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( FR ) Mr President , I am pleased to be here today to inform you of the Commission &apos;s statement in relation to the resolution to the New Flame shipwreck and its consequences in the Gulf of Aden , which you are going to take .
in their UNK , they are in a position to understand the understanding of our world .
as a result , we are concerned about the fact that some Member States tend to adopt and apply legislation which is not in any way justified by the provisions of the directive .
in my opinion , these points are well highlighted in the report , which is why I voted in favour .
I voted in favour of this document , because democratic change cannot be imposed from outside , not even by military means , but by means of a peaceful democratic process .
with regard to the most vulnerable populations in our world , the hardest to deal with them must be dealt with immediately .
in this context , we will find an opportunity to discuss the situation in the whole of the dairy sector more widely .
in our opinion , the explanation that all of this time and resources is being wasted is unacceptable .
this must not , under any circumstances , hinder the membership of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia as a member of international organisations .
the second big group that should be considered is the farmers in the new Member States , especially in North Africa .
furthermore , I believe that creating new structures is unnecessary and expensive .
( SV ) Madam President , the global financial crisis has intensified , and now many proposals are urgently required in order to ensure that it does not happen again .
they are not yet fully released from the heads of the Soviet Union - Russia &apos;s military occupation .
approval of Minutes of previous sitting
they should not be treated purely as a result .
the resolution , I believe , is the message that the European Union strongly supports the Iraqi people , urging them to adopt measures against violence and terror and in particular to fight for democracy and general human dignity .
can the Commissioner tell us about the effects of the economic crisis on the trade in agricultural products in the world ?
that is what this report is about : the creation of a framework .
the unquestionable benefits of approved legislation are related to improving the quality of tyres , and thus increase their safety .
that , then , is why Greece is currently suffering from attack and the need for security .
in fact , we are dealing with a crisis that requires a global approach : the aim is to act : to enhance the protection of our citizens and to express our solidarity with the less developed countries .
it will offer support to the motor industry , which is currently experiencing a very difficult time .
in order for this to be maintained , the Commission has again adopted a number of proposals that will be applied in 2011 , once they are adopted at the right time .
we have already significantly increased funding and we hope that a coordinated effort with the other committees can actually increase the level of funding with what is spent on a person in the rich countries such as UNK and Cambodia .
the development of the trans-European networks ( UNK ) , in which , as Mr Albertini has mentioned , large hopes of the development of the rail are creating an important change that clearly increases the share of the railway .
it is high time for the Council to fully recognise the democratic will expressed by a majority of the Members of the European Parliament .
the fact that there are clear deadlines , procedural guarantees and other safeguards are important , not only for the suspects or accused of national authorities , and , in particular , for them .
however , the Commission &apos;s proposals also include aspects of what Parliament and I , as rapporteur , consider to be less positive .
we have , of course , with them , of course , with them .
thirdly , the report proposes that the European Parliament , the upcoming European External Action Service and the EU &apos;s external partners should be a group responsible for the protection of human rights defenders .
it is a tougher budget that meets the demands of the Commission and the Council .
immigrants also come from the European , Eastern , island and island countries , so it is the whole European agency , even if its seat was , incidentally , elected by chance of a referendum .
with regard to the defence of the independence of the European Union , with regard to the protection of the independence of the European Union , you have always supported my support .
contrary to what has been done , even though the interpretation of their claims has never been established , then it would not be possible for a purchase of legal protection in favour of consumer protection .
we must encourage the Commission and Member States to enter into debate and implement measures to increase the participation of women in politics .
secondly , democracy , of course , goes to democracy and the elections , but also with regard to something much more than that .
investments in energy prices cannot be left without any consideration in the harmonisation of industrial investments .
there is a special procedure in which the rights of ordinary citizens are limited to the fact that the will of the parties has been expressed .
this is not a revision of the UNK figures , such as Reimer Böge , UNK UNK UNK , Jutta Haug , UNK Dehaene and UNK UNK .
energy is simply too expensive for them .
Mr President , this debate has shown that there are at least huge doubts as to whether the current legislation is working properly , whether they are being properly implemented in all Member States , and whether they can be properly implemented at all .
there is no justification for this lack of action .
in writing . - ( EL ) Trade and regional agreements have not so far proved to be sufficient to market supply and trade and failed to protect the transparent and stable prices of agricultural produce .
however , there has been no such step in the Palestinian side .
I believe that this will take a small step forward from Brussels to reduce the costs incurred by Strasbourg .
through today &apos;s resolution , Parliament grants the Executive Director of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency &apos;s budget for the financial year 2009 .
in the end , all of this is the phenomenon that the UNK mentioned by the word &apos; UNK &apos; : they believe that the Tibetans do not really understand , and this is why they should not allow them to be fully democracy .
the European Parliament , as usual , has tried to add the impetus to legislative proposals , which I am not going to address at the moment because they are not going to be concluded in my report and my speaking time will come to an end .
we strongly opposed the trampling of executions and of women &apos;s rights in a democratic way .
I live in the Horn of Africa , I understand the UNK of UNK .
the safety of toys is not just a matter of origin ; it is also a matter of urgency , and it is therefore vital for the safety of children to be guaranteed .
however , we must bear in mind that we are introducing laws for the real world , rather than asking for the UNK list , and that the European Parliament should remain firm in future .
I would like to call on the President to ask the people who belong to the pension fund , at this oral point at the moment in the debate , because they have a direct interest in what is going to be discussed .
the new international agreement , following the changes in the Kyoto conference , especially the extraordinary and rapid development of the Kyoto conference , is , in fact , a decisive step in this direction , even though it is not a place where agreement is reached , negotiations are starting with it and , therefore , it is very important to develop a clear negotiating mandate with a clear negotiating mandate with a view to reaching an agreement in 2009 .
I can guarantee that a few Member States are expecting an unpleasant appeal from that point of view .
however , continuing to isolate it , on the other hand , would lead to UNK and avoiding the exchange of ideas , and , in the worst case , could lead to further nationalism .
more than 60 people have been killed , including foreign nationals , and the citizens of EU countries , almost 2 000 people have been injured in the injured and capital .
I do not know if the Commission would consider - given that we are now a very close to the elections - to ensure that there is an ad hoc group or a number of people in every Member State , and so on , where candidates can immediately be able to access information on such specific issues with regard to the Commission .
I must say that Frontex is now a member of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees .
we urgently need to take care and care : those who buy money in another country must declare it .
if we can work together with China and Africa to improve good governance , I believe that we will be able to provide assistance and trade and improvements .
it is therefore important for companies to be sure that similar procedures are used to define contaminated areas , thus allowing for investment planning .
it is not clear why the Council and the Commission have not signed up to this point , so we are voting against this report precisely because it has been left out of consideration .
when the issue was raised for the first time last month , it was thought that the issue of the matter is not only attacking the Member State , but also of the EU &apos;s action on the agenda .
all these years have been the key to the fate of Zimbabwe in South Africa but not only has it even been able to comply with its internal policies properly , but has blatantly failed to take sides in Mugabe .
however , wherever they are in the world , the development of international trade justifies itself only when it contributes to economic development , employment and , therefore , to improve the standard of living .
political action is required in order to regulate and raise the limits .
today , we are voting on the decisions which will be approved by the European Supervisory Authorities .
if these companies are not participating in cross-border activities and do not act at national level , there will be only an unnecessary administrative burden for these financial intermediaries .
we have spent the money we have spent EUR 1.6 billion and EUR 200 million for the milk fund , and the rest we have achieved through the calculation of expenditure and the redistribution of redistribution under heading 1a .
in cases where the compromise text is adopted precisely in the form agreed in the Council and without any amendments , this text could represent a significant step towards the implementation of the Community policy strategy .
( PL ) Mr President , Finland does not have to find its own UNK solutions .
we are in the first reading of the Commission &apos;s draft directive on consumer rights directive .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( NL ) Madam President , I am pleased that two Commissioners are in fact here .
in addition , there will also be a rapid control of traditional sources of energy through regulation of traditional energy sources .
the amendment of the regulation seeks to permit and extend this possibility , with regard to low income incomes in all Member States .
we have to realise that the perpetrators of the perpetrators of UNK UNK are compatible with the distribution and destruction of the Sahrawi communities and the rebel groups in order to make sure that such an event , such as those that should begin in Libya in Libya , does not lead to bloodshed .
in any case , the Commission has a legal system for this .
this fact alone has led to a lack of action by the ruling party and by a number of political and legal disputes , including for 12 years &apos; imprisonment .
the resources will be evaluated by a qualitative analysis of the budget .
I believe that those who believe that things have to be changed with the help of efficient agriculture to benefit the productive sector , believe in a truly sustainable rural development .
it is obvious that we need more social security .
I am absolutely sure that the security of the region and of Israel depends on what progress can now be made .
I wanted to say that one of the greatest things that I have ever seen during my life was in Addis UNK UNK , where we went from a number of years as a member of the ACP delegation as a whole .
of course , strengthening the role of the European Parliament means increasing responsibilities , greater accountability and more work .
the Commission encourages the strengthening of the Community aviation sector , which it still considers too much of the current crisis , particularly in light of the current crisis .
we are in favour of linking air transport to production , enabling small-scale countries to grow up in food production , and in general enabling the modernisation of this priority sector to be strengthened .
I would not be surprised if we could be able to find out in a few days or hours in the coming days .
setting a separate target would result in a further administrative burden being imposed on both public and public authorities .
unfortunately , the Commission was opposed to this proposal .
access to the Interinstitutional Agreement must be provided for access , and with regard to the Commission and the Council , too , negotiations are already being negotiated with the Commission and the Council .
it must include clear , concrete commitments , since the international community is still a long way to go before the international community on the basis of the Millennium Development Goals .
we need coordination , based on a clear , concrete and precise strategy based on unity outside the euro area ; we also need governance which will continue to enhance the work of the Eurogroup in accordance with the line taken by Mr Juncker &apos;s leading position in 2005 on 1 January 2005 .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( DE ) Mr President , I would also like to thank the rapporteur very much .
similarly , this will lead Europe to a global policy which will help out of its debt , with a debt which was important to the European Union when faced with a crisis and a social need to fight the crisis and protect the most vulnerable .
the closure of a party is not and cannot be an everyday action .
in our European Parliament and in the European Union , we want a strong partnership , a relationship and a way of friendship with all the countries of the Middle East as soon as possible .
excessive residues were even found in the premises of the European Parliament with a UNK UNK .
the first relates to climate change .
improving and strengthening the European judicial system is also an improvement in the method of justice and modernisation , which , in turn , will depend on the use of new forms of cooperation , which is the nature of the e-justice project .
after all , Moldova is close to Europe and must be supported at a time when it is open to Europe .
furthermore , these programmes are not sufficiently coordinated , as has been mentioned in this House several times , and because of the limited cooperation between Member States &apos; lack of coordination and transparency , there are also large areas of resettlement as well , which , of course , is an unpleasant case .
can I confirm once again that the Copenhagen criteria do not belong to the Treaties , especially when we are talking about minority rights and human rights , and Macedonia and Croatia cannot therefore cope with respect for the acquis communautaire , especially on the grounds of sexual orientation .
the agricultural sector also needs to look at the reasons why such enormous difficulties arise during accession negotiations .
let us talk about Greece , Spain and Portugal , but not my own country !
in such a solution , there are winners and losers , and tens of thousands of local civilians have been found to do so , and they are fleeing from fear of despair .
no European country has been left untouched by its effects .
more aid to Greece without a clear financial commitment is nothing more than a UNK for banks .
what we need to know is what will be the result .
you are acting through national declarations of intent , and the European Parliament gives you my support .
creativity and credibility are the most important considerations here .
the Czech Republic also has a responsibility to complete the ratification process .
since we believe in the establishment of a permanent stability mechanism , the Commission strongly supported this limited revision of the Treaty .
I believe that this will also help to form the EU &apos;s future policy on climate change , which we will probably have - without a decision to take a decision on progress in relation to the Lisbon Treaty - to implement in the next year .
as far as I know , it is seven months in 2011 , which is 31 days .
the European strategy on Roma inclusion may be a kind of professional minimum .
despite the statement made by the rapporteur , the rapporteur considers that third-country nationals enjoy freedom of movement , freedom of establishment and access to the labour market throughout the European Union ; we must remember that these are all things that - thank God - have not yet become a reality .
over the last four months , the Czech Presidency has been very active and responsible in talks with the European Parliament and has submitted a number of oral questions to Parliament on various issues relating to the directive in order to find a definitive solution acceptable to both the Council and the European Parliament .
to fill this demand , the Commission has made great efforts to deepen dialogue and cooperation with Libya and Turkey , in other words with the two major countries which are transferred to the east of the Mediterranean with illegal immigrants .
look at the example , for example , of what we created in the 1990s : it was the right decision that was taken at the right time .
the calculation of the amount of catches approved in the authorisation of cod is also the result of other factors contributing to climate change .
the High Representative / Vice-President is trying to achieve greater participation by the European Union in the international context in terms of this context .
we are , in fact , talking about the same source of pollution from the same source , but this source is developing in a particular way of life .
the procedure for this Parliament is completely flawed .
I think that more clarity is required in terms of compensation conditions and regulations that form the basis of a system of prior authorisation if necessary .
the digital single market also requires targeted action on the development of the services market .
I know that my part is also meeting the European Parliament and the European Union &apos;s financial regulation , and that it has become a very topical act after the Commission &apos;s 2005 procedures ten years ago .
we must reach an agreement until the end .
Mrs Bauer has violated the Rules of Procedure of our institution .
the quality of life of many Chinese has improved .
in light of this , it must be seen that the European Parliament must intervene as a co-legislator in order to implement the necessary reforms necessary to stabilise the economic and monetary union .
( SK ) UNK of environmental damage is a major threat to environmental damage , thus poses a threat to human life and health .
in writing . - ( PL ) UNK and obesity are modern conditions of production with dangerous consequences for health and even for human lives .
I believe that there is a need for individual and simple regulations for the European Social Fund .
rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs . - Madam President , I do not want to refer to anybody in particular .
farmers and distributors have to admit that bees are completely vulnerable to toxic products , and that they are at risk of growing these crops , and they must be protected as a matter of priority .
I strongly support this legislation .
it is , in fact , impossible , and we must say it at the outset , which requires a revision of the Treaties and that cannot be done within the framework of the citizens &apos; initiative .
the economic growth of those ( e.g. Brazil , Russia , India and China ) is based on green technologies .
- ( NL ) Mr President , the report on policy priorities for the illegal immigration of citizens from third countries , which we have just confirmed , is certainly not the worst of what has ever been adopted , but I think that the report does not speak in its entirety , and that is why I did not vote in favour .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in recent hours , more than 5 000 immigrants have arrived in Italy , with 10 000 more UNK on the road to Italy , France and Germany .
the second point is the need to clarify that these are certainly intended for long-term unemployed people , less favourable conditions for people and for all those who do not have access to credit in a normal way .
furthermore , there is a need to assess the border dispute between the island countries , in order to preserve the good health conditions of the marine environment and the need to comply with the market situation , in order to introduce 200 basic conditions in order to use ...
in particular , the end of a policy aimed at human rights must not be applied , not beginning to be seen in many cases .
we need a compromise , and Parliament has shown the way in its proposals at first reading with proposals for the use of divide , for example .
the adoption of the new regulatory procedure will be used for the adoption of these provisions .
you should once again raise the issue when Mr Pöttering is chairing the sitting .
although discharge is not my duty , I would like you to be aware of the problem .
( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to say that today &apos;s absence of a representative of the French Government , on the other hand , shows that the Presidency , who is normally praised for its political success , is being praised .
the EU must invest in innovation in order to develop new products and services .
this situation will significantly reduce the competitiveness and profit of our farmers .
to conclude the debate , I have received one motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with Rule 108 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
over recent years , however , there have been many bluetongue sites that have affected many of the Member States , including in central and northern Europe , and caused severe damage to human consumption and to the illegal movement of UNK .
as Professor Monti has rightly observed , there is a certain amount of trust in Member States about EU markets in the Member States , but now we need a strong common market than ever before , and the recent crisis in recent months has shown this .
the reserve should become a UNK policy .
( the oral amendment was accepted )
the dairy sector will lose USD 1 000 billion annually , which is transferred illegally , and 350 billion of it is going through tax havens .
they should , of course , be in line with the World Trade Organisation .
finding an answer to these serious questions is a difficult task for the EU &apos;s common foreign policy .
the seven priority areas in the European Commission are clear , and I recommend that the Prime Minister , Mr UNK , will be able to deal with them with determination and , as a result , the negotiations for Montenegro &apos;s full membership are being opened .
in addition , we need to share the burden within the EU .
this is a sensitive area that affects social values in terms of the UNK behaviour of cultural industries , as well as the tradition of countries to channel their money from this market to social funding .
( NL ) Madam President , if nothing else has been achieved , the negotiations with Turkey have helped the Commission and the Council to improve the art of the use of satellite navigation services .
Mr Bonde &apos;s proposal was not in place , and it violates the current financial situation .
in writing . - ( FR ) The European Union , the symbol of human rights across the world , must guarantee fair treatment for third-country nationals living on its territory and work on an inclusive policy on them .
however , we must also take account of the problems of public health .
our proposal clarifies the situation and will apply the Member States to the required minimum wage .
I believe that we can only achieve this if we achieve a majority agreement .
in this context , I welcome the amendments by Mrs Buitenweg , on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture , on behalf of the Greens and I thank him for his important contribution .
this could be a platform that also extends to the bodies &apos; education and activities .
secondly , we must act in order to improve the governance of the economy and economic governance .
we have avoided an attack on a system of division between a country and a terrorist group .
there is a clear attempt to exclude Parliament from this important issue , and Parliament &apos;s legal advice has confirmed that it would have had to choose a different legal base for this proposal , which would have allowed Parliament to be fully involved in the process .
we have known for decades that terrorist organisations have a criminal interest in trafficking in human beings , and that they have often been paid for their badly paid and poorly paid work in connection with the integration of illegal workers .
I have a great deal to do with voting on Amendment 6 , tabled by a group of members of the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) .
that is to say , with regard to the costs of their use , at a time of record high fuel prices .
to respond to the crisis , the EIB has made an important contribution to its objectives : in order to help businesses and support economic recovery , the EIB has substantially increased the amount of its loans , with EUR 10 billion more than EUR 10 billion .
there are many aspects to this , and President Buzek has always said that we need an EU action plan .
I do not agree with this position .
one of the largest parties in Poland has recently had to do so with the removal of subsidies for minor financial errors .
this decision must be abolished , otherwise it will not be able to come from the country with a view to the political impasse and the increasing number of deaths that have already been announced .
where is the efficient cars that Europeans wanted by UNK UNK ?
the repeal of eight obsolete and outdated directives will enable us to take another step towards a more sustainable bureaucracy in Europe .
in my opinion , the inclusion of moral support in this proposal is very important .
one more point : I assume that the relevant measures have already been taken up with the current budgetary support system , under which the assistance is to be stopped in a situation such as that in Kenya after the elections .
the report by Mr Verhofstadt is one of them .
I would like to ask the Commissioner and our partners to allocate funds to research in this area to make them turn around and to improve the state of health of women .
Italy is particularly interested in this proposal by UNK UNK UNK in Milan .
speaking of the situation in East Jerusalem , I strongly support the work of the Presidency and the desire to make a response to Jerusalem as the capital of the two countries , and the determination to ensure that Israel has suspended the establishment of a free trade zone in East Jerusalem .
the business community and its people are demanding a common piece of legislation , at least under any form ... to some extent what the lawyer is calling for .
I voted in favour of this report because it contains special provisions to promote the interests of consumers .
ladies and gentlemen , this is not the only case of UNK .
this means that we need to measure what the situation is now and what we can do better .
I would like to emphasise that , on the one hand , the agreement gives greater influence to national parliaments and , on the other hand , it is based on the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union , with a view to preventing this human rights and respect for the rights of minorities in its entirety .
the European plan for the automotive industry must be forward-looking and must be based on knowledge and development , not on the conditions of a market situation .
( SK ) Mr President , the current climate change situation with regard to the impact of climate change in Europe has shown that it is very different to respond to that depending on the region .
I congratulate the European Parliament and all the citizens of the European Union , as well as the rapporteur for adopting decisions today which should promote more concrete and more practical action , both in terms of market surveillance and in the prevention of cancer .
the financial crisis is at the heart of the attention and it is quite rightly known .
we all know that , at the level of the European Regional Development Fund , the European Social Fund , the common agricultural policy funds and other funds , the Member States are still experiencing difficulties in our own European integration .
I will end with demand , Prime Minister .
this other way , with the legislative report , stresses that this directive can further integrate the EU economy .
finally , I would like to thank Mr Staes once again for his excellent work on this proposal , which is very complex but is extremely important for the environment and human health .
in writing . - ( PT ) This report on transitional arrangements for implementing the Structural and Cohesion Funds is of particular importance to the citizens of the European Union .
Mr President , when the Spanish Prime Minister , Mr Zapatero , opened up the Spanish Presidency in Strasbourg , he held a speech about Europe 2020 without ever mentioning the failure of the Lisbon Strategy at all .
however , this means banning all forms of terrorism and violence , and cooperation on the strategy for the implementation of human rights .
this is so important .
the European social model is the model of an active society that is more active in the labour market .
minorities are persecuted , in particular , the UNK of UNK .
in writing . - ( ES ) The report by Mr Häusling , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs , contains some good ideas , such as supporting farmers who contribute to reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
thanks to the market situation , we have vaccines and chemicals which are the key to our life expectancy , and the key to job creation is the key to developing new energy sources and saving food .
what is the current situation with regard to the discussions on the introduction of a common consolidated tax base of companies , on the basis of the concerns expressed by the Irish electorate in relation to the Irish electorate , has the Commission changed its approach in any way ?
thus , the implementation of the &apos; Small Business Act &apos; will reinforce the level of competitiveness .
we have , of course , provided the European Council with a budgetary authority .
national declarations are the answer .
first of all , the system of Community preference is too far from being too fast and still has major consequences for the ACP countries which are still in place .
more efforts must be made to complement the skills of adults and achieve flexibility and security throughout the labour market .
certain restrictions relate to the Court of Justice of the European Union , the European Central Bank and the European Investment Bank , but this area is now significantly more ambitious than before .
more than 13 million SMEs benefit from a poor country , 19 Member States and the fact that North Africa has become an important source of access to the market economy , is undoubtedly a factor in the value of the programme .
that is why every parliamentary committee considers that one of its most important tasks is to ensure that our right is not only informed about what is said .
only when the Roma , in their memories , turned their feet over our heads of political class , may change their position in respect of the usefulness of EU membership .
air passengers can still offer social security through their website or otherwise , but they can no longer be subject to criminal proceedings by means of a UNK by UNK as a mediator .
we could well discuss the financial aspects of the employment policy .
in writing . - ( SV ) The Community of Valencia is Europe and , in particular , in Europe , France , Italy and Germany .
I am pleased to be in the European Parliament .
the aim of reducing the percentage of unemployment in education and increasing the number of people with higher education is not even more important , nor are the goals to promote social integration and , in particular , to reduce poverty .
I am in favour of a social policy .
this is a major challenge for the European Union : it is to be able to successfully present , launch and support European integration programmes and projects that can be used and brought to women in rural areas .
the United Nations recently announced that at least 20 000 people were left in the town of Abyei and was returning to the south of the region , with a group of North Sudan being expelled from that region .
in other words , three main financial instruments have emerged in these negotiations .
in fact , this is the result of the ruling of the Communist Party in power , under which it is treated as a religion that represents imperialism &apos;s imperialism .
this is particularly relevant , as we know that the Council intends to cut its budget by 4 % and the Commission only increase by 1 % , the Committee of the Regions will increase by around 2.9 % , and the Economic and Social Committee even less .
as you are aware , the general system of preferences requires ratification of the International Convention on labour , labour , environmental protection and good governance of labour standards .
there is no longer any excuse for these abuses .
in spite of this , I would like to emphasise four issues that I consider to be very important .
( DE ) Mr President , I would like to thank both the rapporteur in particular .
the European Union is more innovative than a UNK .
in writing . - ( IT ) Ford &apos;s report is part of the legislative package for reforming economic governance , which consists of six reports as a result of successive negotiations .
in addition to physical security and energy security , food security is one of the main pillars of the nation , for the country and for each individual .
at the end of the day , the people of Guantánamo have prisoners &apos; prisoners , and not people with whom they are easy to go .
that was not the case .
let me emphasise in this very important point .
ladies and gentlemen , I see that some Members of this House have come to the Chamber after Question Time and are unaware of the high level of governance that we have had to take into account in our endeavours .
it seems to me that , if we are trying to tackle problems such as the economic crisis and the need to create growth , we should not be considering spending on climate warming .
the first question is how can we improve air quality and energy efficiency ?
what is the result - Member States are going to compete with those who are allowing the most debt to finance .
it is a problem , Commissioner , that at present , the European Court of Justice of the European Court of Justice has created a consistent judicial system , which says that workers from one country can work less than 50 % for a directive on the grounds of a directive which , for example , has to be said , was created precisely in order to prevent it .
today &apos;s debate , which I believe to include all the important aspects of the neighbourhood policy , has come to a long and UNK way .
this debate is very much needed .
that is the first unfair fact .
thank you very much .
I can assure you that you will probably receive greater support in this House than some other Commissioners could have .
twenty days ago , my country , Italy , was struck by Italy in UNK , where there were two UNK , UNK UNK , UNK and UNK , where there was a single telephone number , and a group of UNK in the province of UNK and UNK , where three people died and injured by tens of people who had to be arrested and arrested , and a person has now disappeared .
this was an important event for a possible debate , which could help entrepreneurs in supporting economic recovery and economic growth .
we also have to decide whether to prosecute the whole legal person , or only its management .
the EU &apos;s commitment cannot and does not have to drop in belief that everyone is doing what is happening in themselves .
we need to increase the share of renewable energy sources , energy efficiency and investments in research and the impact of climate change on climate measures .
Mr Medina Ortega is doing very little in his report in this regard , and I welcome this , but the desire of legislators to use alternative legislative methods , except a blacklist rule , does not disappear .
we took a positive action against one side and against the other side .
3 .
the EU is the most important trading partner for most ACP countries .
in this way , they are interpreted .
by continuing this UNK , I would like to draw attention to the fact that in case of cases where the same child should be in Romania or the Bulgarian farmer , I would say that it will be eight years after what it is doing .
the way in which we can overcome opposition and create the conditions for the approval and effective functioning of the Eurovignette legal framework is , firstly , to guarantee the strict , transparent and swift application of the directive in all Member States , and secondly to ensure that all revenue is channelled to the infrastructure of the transport infrastructure and not be used to fill these well-known shortcomings .
it is of the utmost importance to see what is happening on the ground with a view to their accession : big political UNK , but also , in particular , completely practical changes that benefit the people who live there .
( the oral amendment was not accepted )
the countries , international organisations and individual individuals reacted to violence against the occupying forces by sending a free trade agreement .
your attention is also being drawn to the conclusions adopted by the Council in June on the expansion and strengthening of the Global Approach to Migration .
this must be expanded and made more flexible .
the Council is incapable of adopting a common position behind closed doors .
a new instrument has been created in the area of European structural policy , with JEREMIE , in particular with regard to access to capital for small and medium-sized enterprises .
the potential of the EU and the international community to change the realities in Somalia is modest .
it is a budget for the European regions .
in particular , with regard to the issue of SIS II , which has been delayed for procedural reasons and also has been criticised by Parliament .
however , you did not give a clear answer to my question .
that does not bode well in the context of the lack of government to criticise the news of the news of the news of the news , with repeated protests , during which students and demonstrators have repeatedly broken together .
President-in-Office of the Council , your country is the Presidency of the European Union for the next six months .
we have also excluded the idea of internal security measures , as the status quo must be as broadly united as possible .
you want to get rid of them , which means that , in 2013 , there will be up to GBP 13 billion .
this is why the Member States must immediately launch an ambitious programme of energy for buildings that are in place , with the aim of achieving an almost lower energy consumption rate of almost zero energy consumption by 2050 in 2050 .
setting up a directive with maximum maximum duration is an important part of the directive .
that is the situation today .
instead , I would like to say that mutual responsibility and solidarity must be accompanied by mutual intervention .
then I propose that the Council conclusions on an adequate Commission communication on deforestation will be adopted by the Council .
this is certainly the very least that Members of this House could ask for .
then we will have to monitor closely whether South Sudan is in fact ready to comply with that agreement .
( PL ) Mr President , relations with Russia must be a priority .
in writing . - ( FR ) I voted in favour of discharge for the Director of the European Medicines Agency for the financial year 2006 on the basis of the report by my Austrian colleague Mr Hans-Peter Martin , which recommends to Parliament to give discharge .
these measures , I believe , are an excellent example to others .
Madam President , with regard to the review of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court , let us recall that the creation of this establishment marks a success in continuing to develop democracy and an effective international law .
the political groups have a duty to participate in debates on the law .
thank you .
for the first time , the European Union was able to explicitly acknowledge the conclusions of last year &apos;s summit conclusions that we submitted for some time now , and we are now looking at the European Union &apos;s agenda in the age of globalisation .
we have talked a great deal about equal opportunities for men and women , equal rights on the labour market , and it is obvious that longer , and even paternity leave , we will create a better basis for this .
in writing . - ( PT ) Social sector plays an increasingly important role in agriculture and rural areas .
you have already mentioned in this evening that we really have to pay particular attention to efficiency and expenditure .
in addition , hauliers must establish complaints and launch a system for resolving complaints which are compatible with rights and obligations in the regulation .
on 15 July , there was only one objection , and that came from you .
in a situation in which market participants are developing their regulatory capital adequacy requirements , there is a conflict of interest between the parties &apos; interests .
( SK ) The Goldstone report , which we are discussing with conclusions and recommendations , ignores the right of Israel to defend itself .
at present , that is quite large - about 40 % of the total energy consumed .
however , there are about 900 million people living in the digital age , at least in such an issue , and the Commissioner has not debated it ?
however , it is still too early to discuss what these measures could entail .
the livestock sector is part of the vast number of killings , and it causes 17 000 deaths on the roads a year .
even though these two directives act independently of theory , they are dependent on each other in practice .
unclear regulations which are unclear ;
in paragraph 2 , it states that one of the main topics of the summit in the summit should be &apos; a procedural or an issue of a transaction tax at global level &apos; .
the Commission has negotiated a free trade agreement with the Stabilisation and Association Agreement in order to create conditions for political and economic reforms and to establish a framework for the integration of the Western Balkans into the European Union , for example by adapting to the acquis communautaire .
we should bear in mind the facts , and when we mention the persecution of Christians , we should remember who who spoke .
it was a matter of time and we now know that it was the reason for the debate on whether to appoint a separate value on tar sands .
we need to suffer the poor , especially under the conditions of the current economic crisis , and I support these measures for the recovery that will achieve this aim .
in order to find a way out of this crisis , then the President of the Republic must be chosen immediately and set up a new government in accordance with a constitution .
written statements (
EU society is an ageing society , and thus the influx of migrants should not only be seen as a threat to Europe &apos;s development .
she does exist , but all her as rapporteur does not recognise that , even though he is in his turn .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the reason why these UNK UNK are described , do not differ from the reason why it is not so much religious reason but is more a culture and a tradition of culture and traditions .
the European External Action Service , as the representative of the European External Action Service , spent money on reforms .
a little of the little is enough .
4 .
the increase in GDP is increasingly dependent on UNK .
in its resolution of 2 February 2006 , the resolution recommended by Member States to establish a special procedure for all forms of violence against women and to take the necessary measures to guarantee better protection for victims .
it is an attempt to turn to our hearts and weakness .
we are also asking for products to be made of more favourable working conditions without legal protection for workers &apos; health and safety .
transparency is important and its importance is increasing in the age of globalisation .
we want to ensure that suitable incentives are in place in order for everyone to act in order to limit global warming and adapt social protection systems which will promote the development of the digital economy .
the European Union has no powers in this area .
this type of disease is a part of culture in Europe and will make an important contribution to local economy .
a new investigation has recently been initiated at UNK Airport , and it is now legitimate to consult that their use of the use of these machines can lead to the image of children &apos;s safety and safety risks arising from the nature of the image .
it is expected to confirm once again the decision made at the end of last year by the European Commission &apos;s decision and launching the accession process .
there is nothing to show that consumers benefit from any real benefit .
I assure you that you have the full support of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe for all the years to come .
and , if you are going to decide , you will have to face up to debt in the euro area , which has lost your value to your currency .
the next item is one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
now , after a year of continuing entry into force of the new legislation , the data show that European producers intend to adjust their production system , but that will not happen without them .
for this reason , it is vital to begin dialogue between all parties , the government of Chad , the opposition and the rebel , in accordance with international standards , with a view to 2009 .
mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund : UNK UNK UNK / Denmark (
in addition , the Committee on Regional Development concludes the obligations undertaken in the communication .
the Euro-Atlantic security that is surrounded by democratic guarantees is an important element in protecting terrorism .
in accordance with the decision made by the General Affairs Committee last week , the issue will be reopened once the Commission has submitted its opinion .
yesterday President Barroso reminded us in this House that the first summit in Washington took place under the French Presidency of the European Union under the French Presidency and President Sarkozy &apos;s cooperation with the Commission .
although the European Union stands firmly in the field of integration and development , it is , in fact , not clear how far the debate will be reached in the coming weeks .
the EU should not draw up legislation without strong reason .
1 .
it is very important to monitor what is happening there .
climate change does not mean anything .
it has been a tough fight .
to date , there will be large-scale shipment of waste outside the EU .
I agree with this report and it is a great pleasure for me to welcome this report , which grants international protection to applicants , including refugees , new rights .
finally , I would like to say that the Commission recognises the need to better involve the issue of climate change into its own action plan and to do so in close cooperation with partner countries and transnational states .
in writing . - ( RO ) The report by Mr Reul is extremely important in view of the current economic crisis and of climate change .
however , if such an important industry as the automotive industry is somewhat more critical to itself , more needs to be done .
even though many of the different causes of different interpretations have contributed to the spread of this phenomenon , I would like to emphasise the important aspect of this debate in the debate , namely immigration .
signature of acts adopted under codecision : see Minutes
I do not think that this can help anyone , certainly not poorer countries .
why am I going to speak about this issue ?
we cannot promise that the European Union will take time to take decisions years for years .
it is a year of elections and a year in which Europe is also internationally committed to protecting the climate .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , we have long believed in conviction that the European Union strategy for Central Asia is very important and will have a positive impact on the security , stability and prosperity of Central Asian countries .
human rights must be included in the constitution and must be applied in practice .
this can complement society &apos;s knowledge in the area of healthy lifestyles , for example , through campaigns and UNK measures , but not replace them with knowledge .
it is one of the basic freedoms of freedom of the press , and without this , there can be no legal freedom of expression in our community .
we did this despite the fact that the UNK was a passage that confirmed that the EU should move towards a low-carbon economy .
the legislative proposals of the European Commission concerning short selling and derivatives derivatives are also urgently necessary in order to make the financial system more transparent and flexible .
although the intentions of this motion for a resolution are a good one to protect European citizens , however , it cannot be ruled out of the use of these important data to be exploited .
we are currently in the middle of a cycle .
we also need to help our producers in relation to medicines , but I think we all agree that this must not be done so that it is , unfortunately , in the hands of those who depend on access to generic medicines .
I say that it is possible to support a European structural economic policy , without prejudice to the increase in the budget deficit .
I believe that , before taking up new measures , we must assess the full systematic implementation of existing mechanisms so as to avoid creating more problems than we are trying to overcome .
we support citizens &apos; rights and consumer protection in international European trade .
Mr President , let me remind you that there is still a delicate political opinion of the Committee on Budgets .
this applies especially to the global division of labour in the case of the European Police Office .
( it ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I am of the opinion that we must be very careful in view of the experience of Tunisia , Egypt and Libya , and that the European Union should be much tougher in order to comply with international law .
the codecision procedure is accompanied by the approval of the Lyon report on the future of the Common Agricultural Policy for the period after 2013 , and the future of the common agricultural policy ( CAP ) post-2013 shows that the European Parliament takes its responsibility seriously .
however , this regulation does not talk about the origin of product ingredients .
as regards the accession negotiations , the last year of the European Union - on the occasion of the Japanese Summit - agreed that we will look at ways of improving our relationship .
we can no longer see and do not treat ourselves from Europe separately .
I have just told you that pension funds are important institutional investors .
in such a situation , it is difficult for both foreign and national investments in both foreign and domestic investments to be envisaged .
I voted in favour of the adoption of an EU strategy for youth , which for the first time information on the situation of young people in Europe was collected , as well as three priorities defined by the Commission .
in 1989 , we were obviously aware of the situation and were looking at the people who live in a number of abroad .
Vice-President of the Commission . - It is to say that the Plan D played a key role in new methods of new methods , with the involvement of citizens from all political debates on the future of Europe .
rapporteur . - Mr President , first of all , no one should say against tightening up safety and the harmonisation of safety standards .
more than controversial information and information campaigns for citizens in the media have been repeated on a daily basis .
among the proposed measures , I would highlight the adoption of the promotion of equality plans and the fight against domestic violence through the declaration of a European civil protection force .
closer relations with countries which do not form part of the area of freedom , security and justice must not promote international crime or simplify trade and trafficking in human beings .
will they be the guardian of the democratic state of the European Council ?
Mr President , I would like to conclude by thanking our rapporteur .
I do not know how long we will be able to withstand without understanding that a lot of people have to kill a lot of human beings every day in order to kill a large number of people from one day .
all the stress tests on this issue must be transparent with a view to raising universal awareness and providing people with support for our fellow citizens .
this means that the entry into force of the SWIFT agreement does not provide added value in the area of protection .
I believe that this directive will also result in a rise in organs for better cooperation and cross-border cooperation , and links the Member States in a new form of cooperation .
we need to take tough action .
if we had the motto in this Council meeting , it could be &apos; we do not have time to waste &apos; .
however , this agreement is the first step that will bring the majority of the market together and it provides a duty to reduce , measure , measure and control measures to mitigate climate change and combat deforestation .
what role will the Commission , the Member States and the regions play ?
but why ?
the problem of climate warming is one of the key issues that the contemporary world is suffering .
today , there will be one month : I have a great deal of sympathy , and it is that , when the climate conference is over and the participants are no longer acting as a group of entrepreneurs and members who speak only of UNK and quotas , we will finally be able to have a political debate on what is really going to be done to improve the conditions of our planet and its inhabitants .
however , that should not surprise us , given that , at its time , our closest neighbour , a High Representative , stated that there was a Communist view of her country , and when she was a UNK of her , he took over the Soviet UNK money to undermine his national defence policy .
the advantage of the European private market will enable us to take advantage of the complete potential and benefits of the green economy in the future .
however , we are concerned that we should apply the most basic standards in the Toys sector .
in view of the long history of the collapse of the countries of south-east Europe and the West Bank , it was right and good that it is the possibility of membership of the European Union that is offered an opportunity to become a member of the European Union .
now that a no-fly zone was created for this purpose , I think we have to ask ?
Guinea
people are tortured tortured .
young people need support for entering the labour market in order to secure a future for their own and their economy as a whole .
( PT ) Madam President , I would like to take this opportunity to express my solidarity with regard to the 100 000 Portuguese workers who showed a great deal of support in Lisbon on 8 March on 8 March , in Lisbon , organised by the UNK Federation of the People &apos;s Republic of Portugal .
who will speak about these millions and millions of millions in Europe who are in serious social situations and have no access to the labour market at all levels ?
we have approved delegated acts under the Treaty establishing the Treaty of Lisbon - I shall finish ) .
I had a very clear picture of the country with no proper market economy , and where the government is far too much in charge of the action of the judiciary , press and business .
17 of these 19 cases include small enterprises with three or more employees .
it is for that reason that I am concerned that these trade preferences give the impression that we are encouraging the government of Pakistan for having done nothing to do with it .
in writing . - ( RO ) Although the number of women in the labour market is higher than the number of men in the first time in history , there are still cases of discrimination on grounds of discrimination .
and that is what we have done for the last few years following the renewed consensus on enlargement adopted by the European Council in December 2006 and the renewed consensus on enlargement of the European Parliament .
it is no wonder that we face food shortages and biodiversity .
Mr President , these reports are , at best , full of , but utterly hypocritical , in the worst case .
the European Union should , through the High Representative of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Security Policy , establish freedom of religion and belief , as well as religious security , including Christians in the international relations of the Union .
fight against corruption in European sport - work on missing persons in Cyprus ( written declarations )
without doubt , we will return to this debate in the summer of 2011 , when the Commission is presenting a number of new ways to finance the EU .
one big UNK said once again : &apos; I am no longer UNK : what I expect is an UNK ; I want my job &apos; .
just after the vote , I shall begin with a study to consider the introduction of a potential European system .
in Nagoya , the importance of agricultural sector must be addressed to the environment , and this question should be central to the future debate on the future of the common agricultural policy and the budget .
thus , I would suggest focusing more on the quality of animal housing during transport , during transport time , and so we are not at risk of feeding animals and coming from Ireland .
the opposite - the UNK of UNK and documents - is creating mistrust and a lack of knowledge , and may sometimes contribute to the development of corruption and power .
I would like to hear the truth , and that Mr Weber would state whether these statements have been taken , and if not , I would say that he publicly reject and sent a copy of this House to Parliament in order to avoid a public opinion of this type of controversy .
the government of the Republic of Slovakia is among those who are conducting bilateral discussions with the United States in the United States , in real belief , that , as a result of these discussions , Washington will act faster and are more innovative .
we are undoubtedly increasing the need for accurate , timely and comparable statistical data on high quality jobs in Europe and in accordance with the priorities of employment , especially following the launch of the Lisbon renewed Action Plan for Lisbon in 2005 .
we support Poland , but it must also realise that , as one of the largest countries in Europe , it has both rights and obligations .
what have we achieved ?
I therefore welcome the fact that this report calls for the creation of infrastructure to enable the effects of proposals and proposals to be assessed by Parliament .
however , this amendment is not properly worded and its adoption would lead to an end to the entire compromise .
the next item is the Commission statement on the practical aspects of EU funding for SMEs in relation to the next financial perspective .
on the one hand , the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon will take place some six months ago and , on the other hand , the global financial and economic crisis , its impact and the response of the European Union to the crisis undoubtedly mean that we have reached the end of one of the European Union &apos;s lives and the new beginning .
why is the creation of a single airspace for both a civilian and a foreign Europe united in such a long time ?
we cannot return to the UNK of &apos; UNK capitalism &apos; , UNK the world !
to date , the EU is encouraging Belarus to take steps towards democracy , without which it will not be able to fully realise our potential .
Mrs Gomes and Mrs Svensson are right to say that we should support events in Egypt and Tunisia , and these events should give our attention and , today , the compromise package we are discussing is indeed an opportunity to do so , especially through a financial instrument for democracy and human rights .
the EU was precisely in line with these waters in these waters , and they too have seen all this in the past .
good Christmas let us all !
food security cannot be achieved without the economic sustainability of producers .
however , I do not agree with the fact that this plenary session also voted on a timetable for 2013 .
in writing . - ( FR ) The Treaty of Lisbon states , in its report , that the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation Organisation ( NATO ) must be the cornerstone of the EU &apos;s budgetary policy of the Member States .
the Commission will have to record the information relating to the actions to be taken in favour of tax fraud by Member States with regard to the most successful actions , and to recommend what instruments it considers to be required to deal with anti-competitive behaviour .
a terrorist attack has recently been arrested or an UNK of legal personality .
deputising for the author . - ( DE ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , you are certainly familiar with Google &apos;s image of the Internet .
this may in turn undermine the credibility of the European Union in relation to the general fisheries policy and other international agreements in the Mediterranean .
we want to point out that the number of cases of violence in Afghanistan has doubled in that year .
I will now come to the second question , which is the SET Plan we are discussing here .
she has visited the Romanian Parliament and supported the government of UNK and Traian UNK .
you pointed out the improvement of public transport , the increase in road safety and safety aspects in the education and training of drivers .
the debates of the last few days on decision-making positions are causing me to fear that we are not looking for the best solution for Europe but a suitable solution for the Member States and for the political parties .
why is that ?
following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , Parliament &apos;s opinion is binding , but only for the original text ; it is not able to submit its proposals in relation to content and change .
Mr President , with its nature - and I agree with this - there are problems that we are trying to solve in two texts , serious and very often truly tragic .
there is also a problem with regard to the fragmentation of the programmes intended to support small and medium-sized enterprises .
this would enable us to fight against climate change , a phenomenon of which we have witnessed in recent years , as well as protecting their areas and their natural resources , in order to prevent disasters which have a disastrous outcome to the development of the EU &apos;s coastal regions .
in writing . - ( PT ) I agree that the position adopted on delegated acts must be repeated at second reading , and that it must be commended .
in this context , the People &apos;s Republic of China , as a member of the United Nations Security Council , must take responsibility and put pressure on the authorities to put pressure on them .
Mr Brok recognises that without a serious response to the current EU policy , enlargement can undermine the EU &apos;s internal unity .
I believe that it would be useful - and I propose such a proposal - to call for 12 new Member States to work with the Commission under the 10th European Development Fund programme .
as others have said , counterfeiting is often regarded as a criminal offence , but it is far from being here , as we have talked about .
I am thinking , for example , of Mr UNK UNK .
they will suffer the abuse of the same market abuse as other financial players in the financial markets .
since the main aims of this review are to simplify and propose a new version of the regulation and , at the same time , to reduce the unnecessary administrative burden , thus implementing the Commission &apos;s commitment to achieve better regulation , ensuring compliance with the revised Montreal Protocol in 2007 , to ensure that future problems will be resolved in the timely recovery of the ozone layer and to avoid a negative impact on human health and ecosystems , I have voted in favour of this legislation .
I therefore appreciate what has been done here today and I think that , from today , we should also deal with the issue of rating agencies , and also those who have devastating human lives and try to overthrow sovereign governments .
they must know , if animals , whose meat they consume , are fed with genetically modified feed .
the EU &apos;s action plan does not apply to national action and , in this case , the framework decision concerning data protection in relation to police and judicial cooperation is not being applied , because no EU Member State is participating in compliance with the US court judgment , and personal data has not been sent to the competent authorities of a Member State .
the human needs of human beings are characterised by their advantages and disadvantages , as well as deficiencies and weaknesses .
that would not have been possible .
issues such as lifelong learning are , of course , UNK .
that , I am afraid , will make these Icelandic ownership .
I would also like to emphasise the need for a more timely approach to the current financial crisis of the current economic crisis by the Commission in the context of the review of the regulations applicable to 2007-2013 .
I believe that it is time for the Commission to begin to implement this article .
come to the end of the sky !
the experience acquired by the European Union budget has already been allocated to its activities in the course of the European Union budget and the various bodies responsible for civil protection .
the Council must be able to guarantee MEPs with all necessary information which will enable Parliament to adopt an appropriate and fair decision .
we can argue whether these plans could have been or should have been more ambitious .
the purpose of this directive is to establish a common system of value added to invoices through simplification , simplification and administrative burdens , which is an absolute must in order to achieve greater harmonisation in the internal market and to reduce unnecessary costs for companies .
cooperation between universities and business is one way - it is more than an opportunity , it is essential .
it is therefore necessary to update the legislation on data collection and statistics .
however , a ban must be based on scientifically substantiated rules and not for political decision makers .
Mr President , despite its tragic consequences , international terrorism unfortunately is still an issue that raises disputes .
as a technical , autonomous and independent body , it is precisely the IAEA who has to make proposals in this area in this area , which the EU will support in its favour , not the other way round .
in view of the fact that , for several years to be able to reach a common framework for coordinating social security , we have been happy to work together with Finland , Germany , Portugal , Slovenia and France .
so if we want to reassure Kosovo and ensure stability in the Balkans region , we must have a common approach to the whole region and , in particular , Kosovo .
in a few seconds he stood back when she had played his role to the European Parliament .
however , initiatives can only be applied if they comply with the basic principles of certain central banks or the fundamental values of the European Union , in order to prevent this instrument from being used as a deterrent .
others , such as Mr Swoboda and Mr Wiersma , emphasise that we should not follow the approach of the UNK approach , and that Ukraine deserves some attention - and you are right ; of course , it does not make Ukraine easier .
thank you for your speech , Mr Zapatero .
we will have another Commissioner , because we need to take seriously this issue , we have to realise that there are security problems in Europe and that there are things that we can do jointly by using all the points of view of the European level , but always follows the same spirit - always with regard to security and fully respecting personal freedoms and fundamental rights .
they happily work in the hands of UNK and UNK .
any measure which improves the circumstances of these countries is very important .
- ( CS ) Mr President , I would like to explain why I abstained from voting on Mr Hutchinson &apos;s report .
in order to be clear , the European Conservatives and Reformists are opposed to this act , we are opposed to the idea of transnational parties .
Mr President , the countries proposed by the European Union are relatively poor .
the European Union is divided into the north and south , be it the case of textiles or the reform of trade defence instruments .
without going into UNK with the substance of this report , which could address a great deal of criticism , I would like to draw attention to one of the articles for which I am voting against , even though I would reject the amendment intended to delete it in committee .
in writing . - ( NL ) The common agricultural policy with adequate resources is required in order to guarantee food safety .
and we can also clearly include the European Investment Bank in this area .
we also have another list of countries whose citizens are exempt from this requirement .
( PL ) Mr President , 87 years ago , in London , the leader of the Soviet Union and the leader of the Soviet Union , Vladimir UNK , decided to split Georgia into three areas .
companies with a view to death penalty should be responsible for the damage or damage caused by death or death of passengers as they arise in the event of accidents involving the use of transport services .
the Council called on the Government of Chad and Sudan to comply with the commitments made in the Tripoli agreement and , in particular , to end the help of armed groups in that region .
a press conference has been mentioned here .
the same applies to the Social Fund .
we know that some of the terrible people who do not have access to certain allegations of fraud do not have any doubts about the actual relocations or other Member States to deal with or repeat claims , even though it was for these reasons that the Dublin system was created .
first of all , this shows us that we urgently need to abandon nuclear power and pay more attention to renewable energy sources .
Internet service providers may be forced to interrupt or give information to their customer .
we feel that the importance of accepting acceptance is that it will increase the financial burden without reviewing the level of consumer protection .
one and the same instrument can be used in a very discriminatory way , or indeed in a very complex way .
we also need a more efficient and more coherent common European asylum system .
it is the political face of all these countries &apos; development .
but I warn you - we are not merely giving our consent to any agreement .
a moment ago , our colleague , Mr McCreevy , reminded us of the destruction of such contamination in the Baltic Sea , for example .
the South Stream project only increases the EU &apos;s dependency from one source .
the accuracy of all remarks is checked .
that is why we have been looking for a more innovative instrument to enable the European Union to implement a policy in developing countries , which is not strictly in line with the fight against poverty .
thank you .
last but not least , I would like to remind the Commission of its obligations in July time , namely ensuring that there is a sufficient number of jobs for the new Member States .
so , what do we see in this year ?
it is most important to organise referendums on matters of progress , with the results of referenda in particular .
for citizens &apos; interests , we must try to ensure that the EU does not raise the image of human traffickers in people &apos;s minds .
people are looking for work , companies are looking for markets , consumers are looking for security , Greece is looking for stability and Europe looking at its role in the world .
from this point of view , the promotion of sales is more important than financial capital .
we must have more facts and not more security measures , and we must definitely build on these facts .
in particular , there are rural areas in which consumers suffer , and those areas are being sacrificed to them in order to be able to give them an appropriate response system .
in writing . - ( PL ) As the European Parliament &apos;s resolution concerning Belarus , I would like to draw attention to the situation of democracy , respect for human rights and , in particular , the situation of the Belarusian people .
this is used by means of existing funds .
new international organisations and civil society have come up , such as the summits for summits with the G8 , G8 , G7 and so on - and there have been proposals to reform traditional international organisations .
I would like to call on all parties involved immediately to come to this question immediately in order to overcome , at the end of the day , the universal divide .
it has all human rights , human rights , political freedoms and the rule of law , in order to respect human rights and the rule of law .
the imposition of such penalties , at least a minimum level of penalties for all Member States , would reduce the incidence caused by discrepancies between the country of origin and the laws of its third country , among others , where they travel .
subject : Sri Lanka
therefore , I appeal to you to mobilise our resources and contacts to ensure that this summit will lead to real achievements .
I would like to recall one of the historical facts that you could benefit .
I would like to draw attention to the difficulties experienced by the inhabitants of the Russian Federation &apos;s province of Kaliningrad .
no EU Member State is responsible for this .
( LV ) Mr President , fair trade in the agricultural sector is one of the key factors for developing the economy of developing countries .
this is very important , and I would like to ask for some kind of understanding on this part of the Committee on Petitions , because in this case , a proportion of the population has proved to be reduced .
the negotiations have been unchanged and so it remains ; consequently , it must stay in Paris .
the Chinese authorities have recently detained the Chinese authorities in UNK UNK , who again expressed their convictions in the second anniversary of the Second World War , and began a peaceful protest .
that is the fact .
the Commission agrees that it deserves careful attention to be given to the issue of the management of human rights and human rights .
I am sorry to Mr UNK , UNK UNK and UNK UNK , who are also present .
for example , the decision to send the EULEX peacekeeping force to Kosovo has been decided in order to take over the role that until the last time had a border dispute .
making use of these rules mandatory also seems to me to be a good idea , since data collection of data by type of goods is already mandatory for European road , rail and inland waterway transport statistics .
in order to check the national governments , national governments , the Commission or the Council in Brussels in Brussels and Strasbourg , we must create close cooperation between the European Parliament and the national parliaments .
in my opinion , Mr Lehne &apos;s proposal to exempt micro-entities from the annual publication of annual accounts , thus reducing administrative burdens , are welcome .
these aspects are not covered in the report , which is why I have chosen to abstain .
it is directed at the defence of Christians and religious communities .
President-in-Office of the Council . - Madam President , I find that the current debate is timely and Mrs Jäätteenmäki &apos;s report contains many important recommendations .
in that situation , I simply feel that it is not the best time to have an international agreement with regard to long-term consequences .
if I were to stand up to all of their employees , I would like to say to them : please address the solution proposed by the Commission .
Burma has seen a great deal of refugees from the border with Thailand : some in the last 25 years have fled as many as two million people , and tens of thousands of people who have been denied entry have been left homeless .
we would have preferred a system which was proposed by the Commission and approved by the Committee on the Environment , which made it perfectly clear that , in addition to those violations , in addition to criminal law , a whole new series of infringements are punishable under criminal law .
the financing of the EIT &apos;s UNK / UNK network is , in principle , open .
I believe that it is a mistake for the Southern and the eastern neighbours to change .
it is therefore very important to take diplomatic measures with regard to these countries and find ways of helping them in terms of security and development .
this change is more than just a UNK : it is the choice we take .
that is my opinion , and I will continue to take this appeal to the Council to act in accordance with this call .
the vote will take place at 11.00 .
I voted in favour of this report , as it deals with sensitive issues of energy and energy security with regard to the action plan on climate change .
approval of Minutes of previous sitting : see Minutes
the Commission &apos;s proposal does not establish a single patent applicable throughout the territory of the Union , as called for in Article 118 , and enhanced cooperation will have an adverse effect on corporate sovereignty and the free movement of capital .
this is an important step to be taken as soon as possible .
it goes without saying that we have voted against the report .
Mr President , returning to New York , I will come to you to discuss the Commission &apos;s strategy for equality .
I voted in favour of the report by my fellow Member , Mrs Balzani , which defines the position of the European Parliament in the negotiations on the 2012 budget for the coming years .
if anyone was waiting to speak from the Independence and Democracy Group to Mr Sarkozy , they will have to hold them because he is not here .
everything can still be reviewed in the future .
Mr President-in-Office , I am grateful to you for the fact that we are using an opportunity that has given legal personality and join the Strasbourg Convention .
for a period of 200 to 10 years &apos; time .
on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , I would like to explain why we have abstained from voting on the amendment tabled by the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance concerning the introduction of a tax on the Tobin tax .
one way we can help is to promote democracy , the rule of law , counter-terrorism policy and cooperation in all the region as well as in the relevant country .
the vote will take place at the end of the debate , in other words a moment .
if we have to deal with many challenges , we will not be able to do so without the support offered by the Treaty of Lisbon - the scope for strengthening the rights of the European Parliament and of national parliaments .
( RO ) Mr President , I understand very well the principle of subsidiarity , but I believe that pensions are no longer a national issue , but are today a topic of debate at EU level .
first of all , I must say that the Commission has always emphasised data protection in its proposals .
52 .
secondly , the history of the whole budget shows that the ceilings laid down in legislation , the law in the United States , a single rule , is all nonsense .
furthermore , with regard to the protection of freedoms , I would like to highlight the efforts made by Portugal to extend the freedom of movement to new Member States as part of the Presidency .
( it ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance fully supports two points in the resolution .
the report by Mrs del Castillo , on behalf of the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy , on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a European Asylum Support Office for the Management of Operational Cooperation - UNK / 2007 - ,
in order to tackle illegal immigration at European level , we must introduce various sanctions against these illegal immigrants .
there is no threat to the legal systems of the Member States ; it only expresses our desire to hold more debates in the euro area in particular , but also in Europe .
( it ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , fisheries are , in essence , the most vulnerable professions and , at the same time , an area that is affecting globalisation .
in 2008 , there will also be a &apos; impact assessment &apos; , which will translate into a UNK plan under a clear timetable .
Europe must offer international solutions to international problems .
that is why quality policy in the agricultural food sector is one of my key priorities , one of my basic priorities , immediately after the common agricultural policy after the common agricultural policy after the common agricultural policy .
in conclusion , let me also express our desire that the maximum possible level of European companies from this crisis should come from this crisis .
in our opinion , this is a key issue , and this question must therefore be regulated by means of action .
the Council will certainly examine the proposals in the report .
I would just like to warn of the unlimited freedom in the area of unlimited freedom that I have been entrusted with with regard to the European Parliament .
we also have to bear in mind Parliament &apos;s annual report on youth funding for students , because we are talking about work , but the work on the work is precisely a priority .
our existing neighbourhood policy is not enough .
we look forward to the Green Paper and its conclusions .
the Member States will be relatively different in today and far more quickly to respond to a number of new policies that appear on the market daily .
if we do not succeed in creating a balance between labour and private life , we will not be able to encourage young mothers to make an active career , so that they can also reach a leading position .
Islam and democracy are not forgotten .
piracy and the illegal distribution of music and films via the Internet are an undeniable fact .
in my country , we have had to admit the murders of those who defend human rights .
it seems that this is an outrageous pretext to attack the government of UNK , the Prime Minister , Mr Orbán .
( PT ) Mr President , I am convinced that the European Union budget for 2010 will help us overcome the current economic crisis .
these ceilings , as you know , are not ambitious , which will certainly have to be achieved .
Shirin Ebadi , who has personally condemned these violations in person and won the Nobel Peace Prize , continues to do so in favour of all the ethnic groups and religious communities .
in the field of transplants , society must be able to be sure that everything is done legally , transparently and hidden and that there are no other interests to save human health than the loss of human life .
the Council emphasised the importance of investments in innovation , research and agricultural production , and pointed out the social and environmental performance of biofuel production and use in the EU and outside it .
the price of the price of oil will be the cause of new financial crises .
in addition , the Union has allocated EUR UNK million in its budget for the period 2007-2013 , in order to implement the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund in the work of the Independent States of the European Union .
however , I am surprised that the text , which deplores the health sector health services in developing countries , should overlook one of the major problems that currently exist : doctors &apos; UNK to countries that have given up their doctors &apos; access to medical services so that they can cut their social protection expenditure .
subject : safety regulations , market surveillance and social protection measures in the area of security and defence
finally , I strongly recommend that you vote against the scandalous amendment of the ALDE Group , which aims to remove the restrictions on access to the Clean Development Mechanism and to link not only the joint management plans of the aviation industry , but of all sectors in the emissions trading system .
this would create the necessary openness for discussions in Turkey , including debate on the past , and that brings me to the issue of Armenia .
our efforts should be directed towards it .
it is therefore important for cohesion policy to continue to support less developed regions .
we also have a responsibility to them , as they are victims of an unprecedented disaster - the earthquake and now a cholera epidemic .
if not , at least we are proposing binding legislation .
this should be done in a way that will enable the smooth implementation of these rights .
if we distribute 20 % of the different sectors , such as transport , air quality , electricity , production and agriculture , it is obvious that the production of electricity is the most important one .
I think it is important to highlight the important role played by the Belgian Presidency , which was necessary to reach this difficult compromise with Parliament and , in particular , with certain Member States , whose position was - how I could describe it - in some cases with a UNK .
Mr Mitchell spoke of the very dramatic difficulties that the mass media have experienced in terms of preventing the erosion of biodiversity .
on 25 May , it was no accident ; that day , in 1948 , the representatives of the Soviet powers , murdered by a Polish soldier and a UNK UNK , were murdered ; it was a man who made a UNK to organise a UNK in that place .
this means that if such a body is set up , there will apply to this system of law enforcement , with a registered office of cross-border cooperation .
however , we should not now go along with good enough of what some of our fellow Members would like here in this House .
in particular , European regulations are preventing public sector and large companies from receiving laws adopted at national level by Member States .
whether the measures we are now going to take is effective , not before four or six years &apos; time .
physical education has been far too long in the dark years , especially in primary school , which will not be taken away from the first day after the day .
indeed , a number of European Union agencies could say what was done at national level and promote a more ambitious European Union plan .
when the Czech Republic joined the Schengen Information System , Czech citizens were told that they could move freely and freely within the territory of the EU , including the Schengen system .
as I understand it , it will have a presidential election in Egypt .
I think that we have achieved a great deal , and I would like once again to congratulate Mrs Ferrero-Waldner , who has done away with our delegation in the UNK UNK , where what we have achieved is still being worked even more today .
is it not time for us to say at this summit that we want a strategic dialogue in order to achieve a strategic partnership ?
we are following closely the implementation of the European Arrest Warrant which , in my opinion , is one of the best tools we currently have for cooperation in criminal matters , but which will undoubtedly need to be further enhanced .
today , the most important point is that President Obama adopted the correct decision to close it in order to close it , and that his decision is well over America and is characteristic of American history and general international community .
otherwise , many people can try to evade that task .
secondly , let me just make three points of coordination and civil protection and so on .
I would also like to draw attention to the deterioration of the situation of many of the inhabitants of the population , especially those living in Poland , because , after Poland &apos;s accession to the Schengen area , it is very difficult for them to communicate with the families living in Poland , particularly because of a high visa fee .
in the statement , it is quite clearly stated that if the targets for 2020 are not achieved , it will be a serious signal to the Commission that a Member State has not adopted the necessary measures to achieve its goals .
after all , Europe must be blamed for what is happening with him .
( RO ) We decided that the aim of European energy policy is to reduce the EU &apos;s energy dependency , ensure security of supply and transparency of prices .
( DE ) Mr President , unfortunately , my painful disease has so far prevented us from dealing with our international community of law , as I have done in Europe on European issues in the past .
we cannot agree with the fact that there are individual areas where equality of opportunity is not consistently applied .
- The debate is closed .
no one knows who was on the floor .
no doubt , as Mr Stevenson has just said , the increase will not be reflected in the price to be asked of farmers ; they blame the gap between the price and price they pay for the common agricultural policy of the consumer , which is based on a reduction in set-aside .
one of the top priorities was the issue of equal opportunities .
the principle of providing for work is the basis of the correct behaviour , and is also the main factor in terms of the credibility of the company and of its free market and is dependent on access to credit and finance .
these are texts and amendments to the annexes .
the business directory companies are often the same in a different Member State as their victims , which make it difficult to protect and seek a protective and redress system in the last country .
this is the first proposal of the Commission to mobilise the Fund in 2011 .
this would also make it far easier for companies operating in e-commerce .
if we want to meet the Kyoto Protocol commitments , the countries with a growing number of gross domestic land must also build large power stations .
the European Commission , too , has provided its support to this on the eve of what is known to be an improvement in carbon capture and storage , for example .
after several months of discussions in the European Parliament , with the Council and with the Commission , an agreement has finally been reached .
indeed , I would like to take this opportunity to remind the people who have managed to speak up for decades to defend their identity for decades , and I strongly reject the referendum mechanisms , which are involved in the constitution that the rulers want to introduce .
I was very pleased to hear from you that we need to get closer to our citizens .
the meeting of Justice and Home Affairs , which will take place in the second half of this month , has a great deal to benefit in this regard .
the European Union must not use what it wants to do with the courage of the Cambodian Government in tabling a statement of assurance .
in spite of this , the Slovak Republic agreed , in the interests of peace and security for the Polish citizens , to close before the deadline for the closure and decommissioning of the Kozloduy Nuclear Power Plant in order to meet the highest standards .
I must say that neither the Portuguese Bureau nor the representatives of workers have addressed the Commission .
the European Parliament is aware that my colleague Mr Ashworth &apos;s report on the amendment of the CAP was adopted in the European Parliament last May .
what do you have a negative view , in view of the fact that MEPs are perhaps the voice of the centre-right , the voice of the people ?
a further drop in the price of UNK is a little UNK of UNK , which should have been at the heart of attention .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
in most of these matters , the negotiations went well , and we agreed with each other on this piece of legislation .
in the meantime , I will continue to monitor and monitor the citizens .
the European Union is committed to this part of the market economy , which also requires a fair agreement with regard to fair market conditions .
- ( ES ) Mr President , in November , it is just eight years since the outbreak of the Prestige , with 70 000 tonnes of coastline , was born off as a UNK off the coast .
it is only possible to comply with the commitment made by the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1325 on conflict prevention and security .
the first sector concerns humanitarian aid , which ECHO has already committed EUR UNK million to support refugees and displaced persons in 2007 to support the affected sectors in the various areas of Chad .
this is an initiative of my colleague , Martin Schulz , today , and calls for the maintenance of basic rights to be stored in the hands of a group of free parties , family members and business .
any infrastructure development which allows access to new parties is very slow , because vertically integrated monopolies are mainly in order to strengthen their dominant position and , at the same time , will attract new investors in the market for closed markets .
returning to the issue of carbon leakage , it is not only a question of maintaining our jobs , employment and competitiveness , but also an environmental issue .
thus , by applying the strict provisions of Article 147 , the President is of the opinion that the amendments should comply with all the relevant legal instruments .
consequently , there is also a key role to play in guaranteeing the prosperity of both coastal and coastal areas .
with this in mind , I would like to have clearer information about how you will see the structure of relations between the rotating Presidency , the Commission , the European Parliament and the President of the European Council .
for these funds , this will mean a reduction in the risk of stability and risk management .
unfortunately , I must state that the negotiations were not successful , and I therefore recommend not to vote today in plenary and to leave the vote on this important dossier to the next Parliament , if the Commission will be presenting a new proposal in the autumn of this year .
but before we come , let us remember the importance of services .
both the interest rates of loans and the demands of loans should reduce the moral damage to such an approach .
in addition to some of those who are supporting the transfer of PNR data , we believe that we should be politically accountable today and show the Council with regard to this , in short , for the Council of the Council .
as soon as the problem of air traffic occurred on the agenda , Parliament began to reorganise transport to Strasbourg and , in relation to this , I thank you also for all those who are unable to be here today .
( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we have now already discussed the issue of Turkmenistan in three and a half of the different committees of this House .
as regards the definition of on-call time , the Council &apos;s aim is frequently misunderstood .
I would like to know what the Presidency has , in the opinion of the Council , currently within the framework of the European Council of Ministers , which will hamper progress .
and I think EURES could play a more active role in two directions : those who want to enter other continents , but also all of us and our Member States , in order to make the movement easier .
perhaps that was what it was actually about , and that was the reason being rejected by the Committee on Legal Affairs .
the EBRD has taken the lead in a crisis in terms of the crisis : supporting our customers , our finances , and , in 2009 , we plan to invest EUR 7 billion - more than 20 % more .
it is a crisis that concerns both our business community and all Europeans in a united front that unites Europe .
to conclude this debate , pursuant to Rule 108 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure , a motion for a resolution was tabled .
for some time it seemed that this was not going to be happening .
these expectations are being targeted at the last few months of your term , or more than that .
is there any objections ?
this would be an excellent opportunity for cooperation on the transparency of technology .
I also hope that all persons involved in the process have learnt from the principles of better regulation .
UNK blue card , &apos; blue card &apos; , are the first steps in the right direction .
secondly , we are very pleased about the point you mentioned in relation to electronic management in the process , but we believe that it is a key issue in whether service providers are , at the end of the procedure , merely able to carry out the relevant tasks of the procedure , and whether they will actually find people with whom and the demands of the Member States , or we will merely create barriers and barriers .
Mr President , I would like to add my voice to my fellow Members in favour of my fellow Members in this House as a whole in Tanzania , in connection with the terrible treatment of albinos in Tanzania .
European , State of the Euro-Mediterranean Free Trade Area ( vote )
the Commission considers that its recent proposal for a directive is a much more appropriate instrument to achieve our common goal of protecting children from the age of death .
with regard to the use of human rights in connection with aircraft , every Member State has the right to decide on the registered and authorised financial system of a Member State concerned , but their role in introducing certain conditions of training and reporting obligations .
there are two budget lines in focus : competitiveness and the environment .
however , when the Commission came up with doubts about the interpretation of its judgment , it was obliged to submit , in particular , a legal assessment to the ruling of the Committee on Legal Affairs that this manufacturer could be in line with European Parliament Regulation ( EC ) No 1049 / 2001 to the Court .
it has happened again , because most of the governments were inclined to believe that global markets can have a free market , nor could they cope with democratic legitimacy .
on the other hand , there are issues which cover only certain industries .
Europe must stand up for what is the rule of law .
yes , there are many bad things happening in Africa .
we need a majority of a two-thirds majority , as that is the rule that provides guarantees .
we hope that they can be adopted by the end of Parliament &apos;s term of office , especially thanks to the commitment of the Czech Presidency .
membership of committees and delegations : see Minutes
we are also in favour of the proposal of Elisabeth Jeggle , which advocates the creation of EUR 600 million to be set up and extended to the school milk programme .
soil protection is therefore crucial to our cultural heritage and the preservation of natural resources .
there is no doubt that the rising food price increase caused by the price of raw materials is becoming an increasing problem in the EU .
even with the amendments that have been voted on today , it still represents an unacceptable violation of the subsidiarity principle .
now my opinion has now been made official : the EU &apos;s own supervisory system has not proven - such as UNK - UNK , UNK UNK within a few years , but in a few months &apos; time .
Mr President , I have one of a modest advice to the EU .
Mr President , I welcome adoption of this report .
we believe that we have made considerable progress , not only with regard to electronic communications , which I hope will speed up the process for all citizens , but we in this House think that we have increased the rights of citizens during this process so that they will have more information , in any case not less than those of them in their work .
the amendments which we have adopted will find a somewhat more ambitious proposal from the Council .
it is now paying EUR 270 and it is profitable .
limited access to finance for SMEs is the main obstacle to their creation and development , especially during the current financial and economic crisis .
the debate is closed .
let us talk about the rights of Members of the European Parliament : if any committee put forward proposals in plenary , it is not for Parliament &apos;s services or for other bodies to decide whether these proposals are the right or the wrong ones .
this is a rare moment if a part of the legislator or the administration gives one part of its powers to citizens .
( applause )
but , as the Commissioner pointed out , 19 Member States are involved in this project .
unfortunately , these are just empty words , because the constitution is not respected .
it has condemned the possibility of introducing , without delay , detention and consultation without trial , which is , in fact , an act of solidarity .
I mean , with this , that if the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) has refused to discuss Uganda with regard to homosexuality , with regard to Uganda , with regard to homosexuality , and on the other controversial debate about the atrocities that have taken place in Iran , they now want President Ortega to vote in favour or in the light of the demonstrations that are taking place there in light of the demonstrations that are taking place there in the European People &apos;s Republic .
in this context , it is imperative that the Member States really fulfil their duties .
what is happening here is a disgrace .
in writing . - ( RO ) fostering access to the labour market and of quality jobs were the creation of the Lisbon Strategy and the creation of new jobs and the European integration market .
it is also obvious that we urgently need to discuss the need for new instruments for the Union budget .
I believe that harmonisation in this area is important .
until October , coordination with Member States continues to support Member States in trying to improve the region &apos;s energy needs .
a few weeks ago , I sent a letter to Mr Barroso on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , in which I was expressing my concern and asked why we no longer have a Commissioner for Transport .
let us have a rather UNK debate on the question of whether it is more important to carry out a neighbourhood policy with the East or the West .
it seems that the aim is not to make the regulations stricter , but simply to create a system that is slightly less likely to collapse .
the EPP suggests ambitious proposals and you can count on our support in this House .
many are asking if a country like this country is still able to bear this responsibility .
the report by Mrs Thun Und Hohenstein , on behalf of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection , on the Internal Market Scoreboard ( SEC ( 2009 ) / UNK - ,
we are also proposing to transfer the exact amount of these pensions into the budget , and not just the amounts paid out , as they do not take account of future financial problems .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - Mr President , with regard to Brussels tomorrow , the Irish Prime Minister would like to think of the words of the Irish &apos; no more words &apos; : &apos; where it has gone wrong ? &apos;
such measures are necessary in order to limit the future growth of this highly toxic inland waterway .
what you said , Mr Lehne , was how the European Social Democrats caused the crisis .
having said that , until the debate on energy issues between 2050 and 2050 , I would like to draw your attention to the following points .
( ES ) Mr President , in these times of crisis , two types of policy and action are in place : preventive and stimulating .
( DE ) Mr President , when it comes to our energy policy , the time has come .
the compromise that we wanted to reach with the Council was rejected .
we need a framework agreement for social progress and progress , which includes production , particularly in areas such as agriculture and industry , employment , with rights of workers and social inclusion , not a return to the requirement to comply with the Stability Pact , with measures being proposed by the Council Presidency .
with regard to the temporary &apos; binding &apos; measures , I would like the Commissioner to confirm that they are applied to everyone who , for reasons of economic reasons , has been subjected to a short period of time and an exception for these only to be made available to individual parties involved , will be applied in the broadest possible way .
this will pave the way for Europe to play a leading role in global action against carbon dioxide emissions , which is also a welcome to the international negotiations that are taking place in Poznań 2008 in December 2008 and the international negotiations that are taking place in Copenhagen in December 2009 .
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of this report .
in writing . - ( FR ) I voted in favour of the report on the dialogue between universities and business because I believe that it is very important to develop the relationship between training and the labour market .
that is why it seems paradoxical that more and less businesses are deciding on behalf of the West .
in my opinion , we can use the initiative to start dialogue .
on average , in one of the Member States , there has been a total of 25 % of the skilled students in these three areas in 2006 alone , with a reduction in their percentage to between 2 % and 75 % for 2009 .
the policy of supporting the integration of the Western Balkans into Europe , and which was agreed at that time , will have later been confirmed ; most recently approved by the Council in its meeting of 8 December 2008 .
I am only wondering if you have in mind what happened in the last 10 years of 10 years in 2000 ?
that is why I believe that we must establish more specialists in this sector and raise the level of funding for local actors in this project .
this will enable the application of criminal law .
we must think carefully about how we will be doing so in the future so that Parliament can send its message to the Commission earlier .
that should have been taken into consideration in the motion for a resolution .
finally , I would like to mention the issue of visas .
I am also afraid of what could happen with the movement of capital , with a single application procedure .
the EU &apos;s objective must therefore be to maintain Ukraine with its membership .
in other words , we support a flexible and pragmatic position , which was approved in the Council , which proposed a directive from the European Commission with the removal of the self-employed .
Mr President , the Socialist Group in the European Parliament wishes to vote in favour of this alternative resolution .
closure of the sitting
firstly , both of them have probably recognised the enormous potential of Africa , more than anyone else , or at least it was so .
( the sitting was suspended at UNK p.m. and resumed at 21 )
( RO ) As a representative of the Romanian citizens , I consider it extremely important for the European Parliament to take part in a decision concerning the protection of personal data collected in judicial and judicial cooperation in criminal matters .
corrigendum ( Rule 216 ) : see Minutes
they were evaluated , but they were the UNK .
a united front is not a bad thing in principle , but ...
we saw that passengers would have been denied the status of their spouses with no option or even a chance of a legal system .
this long-awaited directive , which has always been an equally complex debate in the European Parliament , is based on Article 13 of the EC Treaty , and regulates protection against discrimination , emphasising equal treatment on all grounds .
Hungary was now UNK up to China for the sake of the isolation of the military dictatorship in Burma .
in accordance with Rule 168 of the Rules of Procedure , the ALDE Group would like to make an appeal to the Commission for a return to this committee .
strengthening democracy in that country must be one of the European Union &apos;s priorities in its neighbourhood policy .
we can now speak of more with regard to social security and increased market surveillance , but the problem must be seen and assessed in more detail .
as a result , the legal vacuum that has arisen , of which I am very sorry .
to summarise today , there is an urgent need to overcome the current political impasse in order to move towards the European Union seriously .
in these circumstances , we are building a weapon of democracy in these circumstances .
in writing . - The UK Independence Party does not help the EU &apos;s attempts to intervene and regulate it in the area of the development of existing international human rights and security systems .
such a measure will help to eliminate poverty and allow for a dignified life to live .
the US financial system with its investment banks , with regard to financial and structured products , which do not comply with the ordinary banking supervision , and its numerous systematic actions being carried out by business directory companies , which are not reflected in any specific circumstances , have effectively collapsed .
( the President cut off the speaker )
it is very important that we speak with more voluntary partnerships , the results of these results are monitored closely , and that , in their circumstances , full account is taken of the human rights of these people who are often involved in the issue of these forest management .
perhaps such data on the whole EU makes it clear that subsidies need to be limited to one of them , so that they will benefit more from small businesses than large companies .
in some countries such as Portugal , Greece and Ireland , women have a negative impact on women than for workers , for citizens and mothers .
author . - ( DE ) Mr President , everyone who has seen a UNK in the African Great Lakes region can imagine that it is a disgrace .
in my opinion , she has made a very good point about that .
I sincerely wish our Croatian friends success in order to close the last chapters and to be able to reaffirm their readiness to become part of the European Community in a referendum .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , on this report , I have a great deal to do with this report , the first of which was said a little time ago , concerns a provision that appears to be shocking , at a time when Europe is facing a shortage of wages or the creation of millions of workers .
why can we not be more ambitious in relation to the structural funds ?
the Member States should ratify and apply the ILO conventions , which are currently under way .
it was a question of saying : do the violent change in international law and the violent change of a neighbouring country represent a sanction ?
UNK Barroso - a new Green New Deal ! &apos; - this is the slogan of future European elections , now better than ever before .
in the run-up to the campaign , voters are asking us immediately where Europe is .
bilateral agreements cannot contain elements such as compensation and disclosure of data in order to prosecute the principle of non-discrimination , and a ban on data collection and data processing .
Mr President , one of my first speeches in this House , 23 years ago , addressed the proposal for a directive on the safety of toys .
in doing so , and in view of the so-called &apos; 2 + 2 &apos; process of agreements on security and fairness , the Community has remained true to the values it stands for ; the values of peace , respect for peace and solidarity , in particular with all the East and West Bank .
more than ever we need to avoid creating divisions between Member States - we must avoid creating a legal system of Member States and new and more important and more complex .
it is cheaper than a UNK action , as they will be compensated much more quickly to consumers .
we know that it creates jobs and increases competitiveness .
Mr President , I voted in favour of this report as I believe that at this time we must look for innovative financing mechanisms .
we have to be very careful in replacing weak , but highly innovative industry , which is based on reciprocity and price restraint , as in that case , what we are trying to save is even worse off .
this report is based on the free movement of researchers between Member States , national and private , companies , research centres and universities ; national and private research in the field of research ; in the complete UNK of scientific research by the Temporary Committee on Regional Development , and the UNK of scientists by recognising the previous experience as official qualifications .
the next item is the report by Mr Dumitriu , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the framework for establishing the framework for the elimination of the ecodesign requirements of energy-related products ( recast ) - UNK / 2008 - .
in addition , there is no mention in the resolution of workers &apos; representatives , trade unionists and opposition forces in Turkey , as well as the Kurdish minority in Turkey .
while I recognise that Member States need to be obliged to finance the automotive sector and development in the automotive sector in this area , I am of the opinion that the industry itself should make appropriations and demonstrate a further commitment to reducing the effects on climate change .
I believe that , in the relevant rules , the officials should be consulted on how they should guarantee both reliable financial management and good administration .
where is the remaining 60 % ?
in order to tackle illegal immigration , we definitely need close cooperation .
with regard to imports from third countries , particularly from the EU &apos;s UNK fleet , the strategic importance of the strategic aspect is , and not just in terms of the preservation of the fleet itself .
why ?
in 2006 , the Ombudsman carried out an UNK study , of which the Ombudsman was already in operation in 2005 , and nine began on the basis of the Ombudsman &apos;s office .
those who are responsible for the delay and who are in favour of such a approach , which has taken a very difficult situation for Europe , and that is why Europe is now being UNK , you are also doing you , Mr Barroso , you and the majority of your Commission .
in writing . - UKIP voted against amendments to the original version of the Commission &apos;s initial plan to exclude self-employed drivers from the scope of the directive .
with the domination of the US &apos;s films , which is an enormous market economy , the European film on the world market must make an enormous contribution to the global market , despite the fact that quality is much better than the US aviation market and business community .
the Commission &apos;s objective is to provide a level playing field at world level , both for our fisheries sector and for other countries that produce the products we import .
that is why I support Amendment 38 tabled by Mrs Lichtenberger , which strengthens certain aspects of the Commission &apos;s text .
we are considering the same position , expecting significantly greater transparency .
however , I have already mentioned that the Commission believes that what has been called for here , and what we want to achieve with Liechtenstein and with other countries is perfectly clear .
( RO ) This report refers only to procedural rights , but it cannot and should not only be referred to in the Committee on Legal Affairs .
as regards the amendments to our Council &apos;s proposal for a regulation , we must all remember that the debates in the Council were very lively .
the continued existence of new Member States , including Polish citizens , is particularly unacceptable , and not only in relation to the financial interests of the European Union .
it is easy to imagine that it involves a great deal of chaos and despair .
however , we are trying to give everyone the floor until the President arrives - she has arrived at a few moments and I am replacing him here with a UNK .
I would like to know if the citizens of Slovenia , as well as persons living in a Member State , are now able to receive proper help when they are travelling to France in these countries .
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection . - ( PL ) Madam President , we are discussing in the report we are discussing today as a challenge to the current directive on the Posting of Workers Directive .
we should certainly take a positive view of the way in which the Turkish authorities have addressed religious freedom , the rights of women &apos;s rights , trade union rights , the reform of the judiciary , the judiciary and civil rights issues and issues relating to civil law .
our desire is for the Commission to propose a reduction in subsidies for subsidies and to deal with the issue of direct payments to the issue of direct payments .
I particularly welcome the intention to conduct a major reform of the fisheries partnership agreement with Canada , which also covers the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organisation .
it is not a question of whether or not an dialogue with Hamas is being held , but on how it is held and under what conditions .
is there a proposal to create a permanent crisis management centre in some areas of employment which will help to coordinate actions with regard to cross-border , EU-wide natural disasters ?
I agree with one of the most obvious fears that , in addition to traditional diseases , which Africa has to contend with , such as malaria , tuberculosis and AIDS , it is currently the most dangerous disease that needs to be tackled with the utmost urgency .
it is your job to coordinate the Member States in areas where the European Commission and the Union do not have competence .
I therefore have the right , as a Member of this House , to vote in favour of this report .
the directive on compliance with the requirements of flag states was an attempt to extend the EU &apos;s competence to a region with already existing UN regulations .
the true nature of this practice will be made clear by the contradictions in its present form , with the most important use of the alleged protection of human rights to interfere in countries with their own interests , and allies and support for allies , especially the United States .
the United States of America is putting an end to the advantage of the advantages of large subsidies and favourable loans from national governments in EU Member States .
that is why we are making efforts to improve them .
some have been released , others have left the country .
we must also take care to ensure that Member States are showing greater responsibility for both the advantages of the Stability and Growth Pact and their obligations in mind .
Europeana should be improved by providing free access to students , universities and other educational institutions , to students and teachers .
you have sent a message in recent days by saying &apos; UNK , UNK UNK UNK , I have a majority &apos; in favour &apos; .
the decisions made over the last few days , which inspired us in the key to budgetary policy and the fact that the Commission is effectively following up to its execution in its entirety is in conflict with each of the social project as a social project .
I therefore congratulate Mrs Jäätteenmäki on the establishment of a suitable balance between these two demands and a balanced solution , which will strengthen the effectiveness of the Ombudsman &apos;s role as a moral authority and improve the transparency of the Community institutions , the right of each European citizen to be reliable and good administration .
as regards the creation of a new website and the establishment of local contact points in connection with networks , I would like to say that the Commission is creating a network of radio and television networks , which are responsible for European issues .
what is most important , I think it is very important to see what could be concrete in the context of Cancún .
they can take account of the different legal traditions and will be able to interpret Community interests in different ways .
last but not least , I would like to thank all the shadow rapporteurs for their comments and help in drafting the report .
for the Commission , Amendments 3 , 12 , 14 , 18 , 23 , 23 , 23 , 32 , 45 , 46 , 28 , 28 , 63 , 64 , 30 , 63 , 64 , 72 , 72 and 73 , are admissible .
our industry cannot and must not fall victim to a strong European currency .
this work is being done in households , but also in the education and elderly care institutions , this is covered by the Europe 2020 strategy , which is UNK % of all EU employment , with an increase in ever more than ever .
on behalf of the GUE / NGL Group . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I very much welcome the readiness of the Commission and the Council to reach an interinstitutional political agreement to reach them in light of the new realities that we will experience over the next few months .
the debate is closed .
air carriers are just saying the same .
the aim is to change the global imbalances in terms of energy and stability and thus to stimulate investment and growth in the sector and to put an end to the conflict which has been taking place against the EU in respect of tariffs on bananas in 2006 .
with regard to the strategy , success will be achieved with concrete measures , with the aim of contact with numerous local organisations ; with the development of the Danube region with a view to the Danube , with a strengthening of the policy instruments of the neighbourhood policy towards the Black Sea region , as recommended in the amendments tabled by my group .
perhaps some people thought that this Parliament would be more critical following the elections in June , or that Parliament &apos;s voice in terms of openness and transparency was more of a kind than a real UNK UNK .
the NGO organisations have submitted complaints concerning the creation of illegal and classified databases on the grounds of disability and ethnic origin , and have said that they are turning to the relevant authorities .
commercial considerations were a top priority .
among other things , we need to discuss another item of the revision of the second budget , that is , flexibility .
11 .
I must say that this visit is taking place under exceptional circumstances .
I repeat : it is an intergovernmental mechanism that was planned for asylum and that requires unanimity .
the last question was about the Kyoto Protocol and the continuation of the Kyoto Protocol .
I therefore urge the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina to implement reforms consistently and transparently in order to guarantee a swift integration of the EU .
it is yet another example of EU politicians and officials being intensified in the UNK issue and all the elected representatives of every elected candidate country in order to unite these political forces here .
why has the European Union changed the safe operation of more than 20 million Europeans ?
I believe that I will draw the right conclusions .
if such things happen , they will enable us to make cohesion and Community cohesion , which can only serve as a hope for universal solidarity and peace , including the right to peace that we have in Europe .
in writing . - ( RO ) I would like to refer to a few points of key aspects of the Common Foreign and Security Policy ( CFSP ) 2008 report on the key options for the Common Foreign Policy .
the rights of citizens and the strengthening of parliaments are strengthened , as well as strengthening the capacity of the European Union and the institutions , and to us , the three institutions , the rights that will make it easier for us to represent our continent in the world .
as I mentioned earlier , this includes everything from medicines , at sea and at sea borders to illegal detention .
however , with regard to Ireland and the level of investment in that country , I am quite optimistic .
according to the analysis of the Commission &apos;s legal services , this does not make any difference to the development of this area or to its assessments .
in order for the countries of the EU and the Caucasus countries to be able to rebuild the rule of law in a modern and functioning market economy , their citizens must be able to adapt smoothly to the EU &apos;s action to benefit from our experiences in this area .
I find it extremely promising that the Ombudsman is working so on a variety of different levels : it is not just a question of complaints , which is the main part of his work , but also in the way in which there will be a change of direction or solutions .
the report by Mr UNK complements the Commission &apos;s communication on the European Transparency Initiative , which lays down proposals on the transparency of the beneficiaries of the funds and the transparency of the joint administration and partnership .
Member States - and many Member States already comply with the orders of the Strasbourg Court - will probably not have any additional costs in addition to what they are already doing in this area .
we call for the immediate release of Aung San Suu Kyi in Burma , the opposition leader in exile and the UNK of a UNK convention , to include the National League for Democracy .
I agree that the illegal production and sale of firearms , their parts and ammunition has an adverse effect on the safety of all EU residents .
as Mr Feio has just said , the text is indeed improved , and I believe that if a public debate is operating , we will do our job , and citizens can be informed about what is happening in Brussels .
in the absence of European legislation , Member States have the freedom to develop their own rules .
the supervisory authority does not approve of this small draft budget for a regulation without a specific budget , to which a detailed budget has been included .
explanations of vote
( SK ) Mr President , the safety of financial products is criticised for the safety of financial products on the basis of rating agencies &apos; ratings and the interests of private insurance companies .
European history has seen what a difference will happen , when the press is under control and information is not allowed to spread freely .
in writing . - fraud and tax evasion , according to estimates , will not amount to EUR 200 billion every year : the money that is being kidnapped from the taxpayers of the world and the most deprived of human beings in developing countries .
why do we not do that ?
Mr President , in the southern and central Europe , barely much more is being driven by autocracy - a kind of UNK .
this dossier demands our common attention , so that these improvements can be introduced without further delay .
the Commission also established an EU strategy with regard to the disease , which will be supported in every year financially so as to ensure coordination between the national legal systems of the Member States and to provide scientific support to the Commission .
the rapporteur - to whom I express my condolences to the death of the father , points out that immigration for highly qualified employment is not a long-term response to economic and demographic problems , given that economic immigration is generally influenced by economic migrants .
the standards laid down in the area of women &apos;s rights , religious freedom and religious minorities must be complied with throughout Turkey .
everyone is opposed to discrimination .
the &apos; Youth in Action &apos; programme is an instrument that will help to integrate our children into innovative activities through which they can develop the spirit of governance , solidarity and tolerance .
the same applies to all EU Member States , even though a specific difference can be observed depending on the country .
the European Parliament will exercise the same rights in terms of legal and procedural rights in terms of access to legal and civil protection .
the standards need to be defined in a way that would remove all forms of discrimination .
so far , the opportunities to define the tasks must not be defined , and it is very important that we return to this very soon .
it is still to be said that the current time is the European dream of thinking too much and is being spent by the crisis , which is why the European Parliament should not now have to spend his speaking time .
and thirdly , Croatia urgently needs to improve the management of the EU &apos;s financial assistance with regard to social security and safety at an appropriate level .
the industry has no future place if we do not believe in scientific and technological developments .
this convention aims to implement Article 21 of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child , creating safeguards to ensure that transnational adoption takes place in accordance with the best interests of the child and with respect for the fundamental rights of the child .
let us support our position in public , President of the Commission .
however , only seven are given .
despite the dramatic situation , especially in Egypt and Israel , and the fact that we are based on values such as the EU &apos;s foreign policy , it is difficult to find references to human rights in the Commission &apos;s proposals .
the Member States should recognise and support the need for a balanced partnership policy , and should also commit themselves to ensuring that European citizens receive accurate and diversified information .
the Commission representative in the meeting of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs announced on 19 April that the Commission is preparing to revise the regulation to improve that regulation .
the Prime Minister , Mr Erdoğan , has promised that 2008 will be a year of reforms and we are keen to wish him to keep his promise .
a great deal of UNK and UNK could have given the people of Kosovo at last the opportunity to enjoy the fruits of membership of the European Union .
first of all , he decided that &apos; equal pay &apos; means equal health care , equal leave , etc .
the first difference is that we are working on cooperation between the new Bureau and the Committee on Budgets ; we will address this with a view to the budgetary procedure , but it should be in line with the general binding principles of the budgetary procedure , which will apply to the Treaty of Lisbon in addition to the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon .
however , I had to vote today .
there is no democracy in that , but a small group of people , with their experiences with the old UNK and UNK .
fifthly , the UNK effort requires effective management and protection of intellectual property , as well as efficient dissemination of scientific and technological innovations .
in the years 2007 to the 2007 investment fund , there will be a little over EUR 1.2 billion .
in this context , we welcome these reports on the macroeconomic policy and economic governance package .
what is good for Europe is also good for all Member States and for their citizens .
we have heard a statement by the President of the European Parliament today and , according to my knowledge , it was supported by all sides of the House .
we will not give up these procedural rights , but we have done what it was our duty to do .
maritime safety is an important sector of activity , the sea is regulated by the climate , supplying food , energy and other resources ; in the 21st century , the identity of the sea is changing .
I am still concerned about whether our businesses can really have access to the Indian market .
if we want to find a good solution , then we must now allow ourselves to be able to lead to common sense and to a situation which is constantly changing and the market situation will certainly deteriorate .
2. and 4 amendments to this report would require an evaluation from the Commission with regard to the operation of the new cross-border financial reporting system .
we therefore propose to postpone the discharge procedure .
during the last 14 years , this support has been paid at a very early stage , as soon as documents are submitted to the Commission or to the Irish authorities .
economic , social and political interdependence should encourage both national authorities to develop ongoing dialogue and cooperation .
the compromise agreement reached the end of a year later , in October 2006 , and all 33 cases have been submitted to the Council .
the current European Union budget is still too rigid ; its recent examples are the negotiations on the Economic Recovery Plan and the European Economic Recovery Plan , especially in light of the current environment .
we hope that the most important proposals of the ECR Group will help to overcome these divisions .
today , the United States strongly supports the free world so that the world can be free from terrorism .
others are involved in payments or in financial management .
I voted in favour of this own-initiative report because I believe that social and environmental penalties should be applied to any form of violence .
it would be vital for Europe &apos;s security to be launched in November 2003 for crisis management to be agreed in November 2003 , especially frozen conflicts .
the Member States - like France and others - who are taking temporary measures for Bulgarians and Romanians for access to their markets , punish , first and foremost , the Roma and must remove these measures as soon as possible in order to be able to remove the political goodwill sign as soon as possible .
I also support the proposal to work on measures targeted at young people in the context of the economic and financial crisis and ensuring better integration of young people into the labour market .
this directive will simplify legislation , replaces a number of old directives , and it also determines the permitted level of contamination there in the air .
in this case , it does not have to constantly change the rates and , in particular , in view of the fact that now that the Treaty of Lisbon has become uncertain , we do not clearly know what the number of Members of next Parliament will be in 2009 and that we will be able to change this article again .
this represents a serious threat to the environment and human health .
the loss of agricultural land to produce biofuels already has food shortages in the world already so that millions of people are starving , while big business corporations are making ever greater profits .
I agree with President Barroso that expenditure must be kept under control .
can the Commission state whether and how it intends to take swift and effective measures with the Member States in order to ensure a rapid response to the market situation of the market for all citizens , which are not guaranteed at all secure prices in the current situation ?
by introducing this type of agreement to the countries of the world and countries , the EU is gradually trying to promote the liberalisation of international trade while continuing with the negotiations within the WTO .
it is this mechanism which will contribute to a more sustainable one .
the provision of a citizens &apos; initiative in the Treaty of Lisbon is undoubtedly an important addition to European integration .
we know that , in addition to new technologies , there will be a reform of the changes to the maximum level of protection , as has been said here , and the maximum and minimum minimum standard of animal transport .
we can control emissions , but they do not .
we stand on the edge of the abyss and , in a few days &apos; time , the Heads of State or Government will propose that we take a major step forward .
five hundred companies control more than 80 % of international trade .
is it possible to reach agreement on the protection of mothers and the reconciliation of professional and family life in the private sector ?
it is true that this threat is one of the mass immigration which you have done , and that you want to tighten up even more .
- Report : UNK
the same applies to relations with China , in particular , as today is the 10th March , the date in which a famous Christian uprising against the country &apos;s occupation of the country by the People &apos;s Republic of Tibet was brutally suppressed by a brutal attack by the People &apos;s Republic of China .
the report , in particular , is characterised by the need to clearly emphasise the role of traditional energy sources , the need for more efficient use of new technologies , in order to achieve the objective of the European Union &apos;s energy security in accordance with sustainable development goals and fighting climate change .
together with the violent attacks by the authorities of the United States of America , the European Union and NATO in Afghanistan , the German force of the coalition government in Afghanistan was subjected to a violent coup d &apos;état in the region of 4 September 2009 , with the number of victims being killed and tens of children , with war crimes against the Afghan people .
you know , Mr Weber &apos;s speech , of course I have listened to your arguments , but I really must say that , for God , they are UNK .
I am interested in what you have done together with colleagues from other countries , for example , at ICAO level , so that such a list can become a reality .
the Council also intends to examine closely with all Parliament &apos;s views that the legislative proposals should finally be revised and adopted within the ordinary legislative procedure .
I am convinced that the best way to deal with the non-proliferation problem should be to give up a regime for once and for all , since its use is an act of threat , and it is also unable to state clearly that modern nuclear power technology is not used for military purposes .
we can now be sure that cheap money with cheap money will not lead to a stable growth .
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution tabled by the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and the European Conservatives and Reformists on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement , known as the name of ACTA .
in contrast to Parliament , the Member States did not express themselves in favour of compliance with the Commission &apos;s proposals on the implementing legislative instruments for development cooperation .
I do not imagine a situation in which sheep have completely disappeared from their adult lives : they are simply being part of that condition .
having said that , I believe that the topics addressed by Mr Audy and Mrs Carvalho - to which I will concentrate in other speeches - are worthy of all points .
emphasis should be placed on expanding the public sector and the expansion of transport networks .
if the EU body confirms that they do nothing , it is easy to think what their actual intentions are .
even though the impact assessment of the financial crisis remains difficult , as confirmed by my colleague , Mr Romeva i Rueda , it is very clear to us all that there was an extraordinarily severe impact on women at this time .
written statements ( Rule 149 )
all these groups and all the elements of the Iranian society will turn to dialogue and help in Europe and towards the European Union .
we are well aware of the fact that the application of these rights is a prerequisite for becoming a Member State of the European Union .
the Convention will also amend the other conventions of this sector , in particular , those relating to the minimum age limit , the minimum wage for fishermen , for example , for fishermen from fishermen and for members of the host country .
we have already worked together with regard to access to the digital market , for example , and we have now defined a special procedure for the right of withdrawal and medical support .
this was caused by complex regulations and regulations which Member States must adhere to .
( PL ) Mr President , it is good that today &apos;s debate on the evaluation of the Schengen acquis is taking place at the same time as the European Union and also in the European Parliament are entering a more open debate on the Stockholm Programme .
in writing . - ( PT ) This report relates to a proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council concerning the implementation of certain rules at national level with regard to obtaining a minimum wage for companies .
in other words , this means more jobs , but also dealing with the black economy .
his regime is guilty of thousands of innocent civilians from the civilian population .
I believe that the European Union &apos;s External Action Service ( EEAS ) must respond to this situation and cooperate more actively with third countries involved in resolving this situation .
in the case of the Commission &apos;s buildings and services , we should use renewable energy sources as much as possible , as it is mainly the Commission &apos;s emissions from buildings .
such balanced legislation will help us to reach the approval of the citizens of the European Union .
in writing . - I voted in favour .
the frightening challenge of the demographic crisis should mobilise us to take immediate action to improve the situation of women on our continent .
the agricultural sector is falling , especially in the new Member States .
in most cases , the collection of relevant data does not create any additional burden for the Member States concerned , as the Member States concerned should be able to use the data in connection with the current financial instruments already in place ( e.g. UNK ) .
I have received a motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with Rule 115 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure on behalf of the Committee on Women &apos;s Rights and Gender Equality .
the free expression of prices is the basis of freedom and democracy , and all attempts at restricting it will lead to abuses .
you may be brief .
we need to think only about the negative effects of illegal felling and deforestation , especially of how they contribute to climate change .
women are still disadvantaged in a situation in which all others have been told openly to see their access to positions in places where political or financial decisions are taken .
in relation to this , the repeated statement by the Council on the framework of the negotiating framework , in accordance with the framework of the negotiating framework and the accession negotiations , must be continued in the context of the negotiations on good neighbourly relations , in particular , the pursuit of solutions to bilateral issues arising from neighbouring countries , in particular , in particular .
the European Court of Auditors has thoroughly investigated the financial management of 9 and 10 , the financial management of the European Development Fund , not only in its annual report , but also in a very large number of reports , and made truly good and valuable remarks .
until the broader solutions are reached , it is important for us to be able to rely on concrete agreements with the business sector , with a view to implementing us together at the same time .
yes , yes .
however , this substance represents a whole group of some of a hundred other substances .
it is necessary to sacrifice , including those in more complex and more difficult packages , or , for example , the UNK of UNK in the European Union , the UNK of cabotage and so on and so on .
in addition , the directive lays down a system for a single permit for residence and work permits .
the Arctic also represents an opportunity for exceptional transnational cooperation .
we have a sufficiently regular exchange of information with Russia .
nine European Union accession to the European Union for 1 May 2004 abolished border controls on 21 December .
then it will quickly appear in the 20th century of the 20th century who has brought the misery and misery to our hearts .
the advertising advertising is advertising : if the number of advertising is a number in advertising , it is imperative to provide significant information , with important information , with the same treatment system for the entire European Union .
I also regret that the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia was not invited to NATO .
the regulation also introduced , among others , the creation of a UNK passport for the movement of dogs and UNK from one Member State to move forward .
the routes of some of the Baltic countries in the Baltic region are quite poor in climate terms and sometimes with weak policies .
look at , there is one paradox .
that , too , is one of the reasons why we now have to set at particular high environmental targets .
rapporteur . - Mr President , this report is part of the health check on company law .
it has completely overlooked the issues most affected by ordinary people in the Czech Republic and in Europe .
chapters are running out for Turkey and the accession process is being threatened by financial speculation .
climate change will have a major impact on the EU &apos;s energy policy .
at the same time , I drew attention to the fact that the criteria laid down by the Member States with regard to subsidies are not sufficiently transparent .
we should pay tribute to her for that .
we are trying to achieve an intelligent compromise .
with regard to the Treaty of Rome , he wrote that he had not asked themselves whether this agreement could have been better , as it replied to everything that was possible and answered at the time .
those of the Spanish Government and of the UNK de UNK measures are UNK by the European Maritime Safety Agency and the UNK services , handed down 11 to the Spanish authorities , and two cases in two cases , and Mr Barrot has just now mentioned the Commission &apos;s response - so I will not repeat that .
therefore , the perspective of additional sanctions appears to be inevitable or even desirable .
we would prefer a very separate piece of legislation in this area so that we can help the people with rare diseases in the optimum possible way .
( DE ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the protection of seafarers is a sincere concern for all of us , but I would still like to ask for freedom how we can best guarantee it .
this requires a more pragmatic approach , including a legal instrument which would enable parents to find work , to develop and guarantee basic services such as housing , quality childcare and education , and the protection of children &apos;s rights .
it is a question of a system of trust in the European country , and it cannot be a matter of collective redress .
however , we must admit that the European Parliament still has an important work to do , because there are issues whose solutions are generally outlined in the Dess report , as the opinions of the Members went beyond what is possible to solve the problem , or even the opposite .
Mr President , in my opinion , the right to freedom of the press in the country can only be properly assessed against each aspect of this issue .
in order to reach a maximum of 20 % per hour , it is time for a period of 30 minutes , even though we wanted to keep 45 minutes in Europe .
7 .
given the importance of access to raw materials , the Commission welcomes this issue in Parliament .
( loud applause )
what is really happening is that the Member States and the regions which do not produce the surpluses must bear a heavy burden on this reform .
on behalf of the EFD Group . - Mr President , I would like to thank Mrs Merkies for all her efforts and his cooperation at a time when there was a debate among the political groups .
the European Qualifications Framework ( EQF ) should be subject to a regulatory procedure with a limited number of restrictions , focusing on increasing the transparency of qualifications , and by introducing a decentralised approach which reflects the increasing complexity of European qualifications .
many people have , however , disappeared .
it is really good that we have the rapporteur , who is listening to , has shown that he shows a Member State his or her fellow Member , and that is what the report does .
the &apos; Europe of Citizens &apos; programme has been an important step forward in meeting the difficult task of bringing Europe closer to its citizens : in the past , Europe has been regarded as too often a distant , bureaucratic administrative system that is cut off from everyday life in its citizens .
finally , I would also like to emphasise the importance of full transparency in the base of the initiative and the financial support for managers .
the proposed emissions trading system should apply to all flights , including with regard to flights from third countries , from the point of view of competition for competition .
we only want to help Europe to ensure that it is done on the basis of reasonable common rules than a national , town or regional entity .
the logic is that in time the time comes to a time limit .
the Committee on the Environment also wants to see sustainable biogas certification .
work on the directive on violence against women continues but , at the same time , there are countries in the EU , including Poland , which , unfortunately , have legally accepted violence in the area of sexual and reproductive health .
in my opinion , such claims are neither fair nor relevant .
however , since the report has been adopted , I was able to push for a reduction in the period of validity of the trade preferences until a year until the entry into force of these measures .
we are not threatened to do so , but that choice is there .
the ideal of equality should be achieved with concrete and sustainable measures , in particular in education .
texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
in part in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and partly as a Member of the Committee on Budgets , who is like two UNK UNK , I would like to speak a little more specifically in the report by Mrs Gomes on a new policy document and on the impact of the Treaty of Lisbon on this new system .
( FR ) Mr President , President Barroso and Mr Van Rompuy , first of all , I would like to say that everyone agrees with the objectives of the 2020 strategy .
( it ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , during my visits , I have often thought that the impact of supervision is often just as important as the influence of climate change .
for example , the price of milk prices has increased by between 75 % and 80 % , while the average wage rate rose by 3.6 % .
secondly , I would like , with regard to my modest position , but as a representative of the political forces that threaten traditional organisations - which , Mr Schulz , was also prepared to admit and for whom I am grateful to her , is to call on our Parliament and you , Mr President , to act in a more constructive way and to set up certain voluntary borders with our powers .
in that case , the President of the Council should take account of the legitimate interests of each Member State .
the Commission continues under pressure from the Italian Government to put an end to the crisis and does not stop the proceedings against Italy .
opening of the sitting
the low value , the cost of agricultural subsidies and difficulties in obtaining a market economy did not make it very small .
the EGF is necessary to help workers affected by the unemployed and globalisation .
for us , the European Union , it is beneficial for Kosovo to become a viable country .
are we willing and able to act ?
the report by Mrs De Vits - and I would like to congratulate the work of her and the shadow rapporteurs - is an important step in contributing to this debate .
Members of the Commission and the Council would be very pleased if , in the European Council at the session of the June European Council , the Asylum Support Office was finally finalised in its entirety .
although it is regrettable that 14 Member States had legal opinions , I am at least pleased that the Commission is systematically initiating infringement proceedings , because at this time we have an absolute gap between the requirements of the acquis and what is actually happening .
( FR ) Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , first of all , I would like to congratulate Mr Bushill-Matthews , who , during the trialogue of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , gave us an excellent lesson from democracy .
the most important shortcoming in this regard was the UNK of the tens of tens of thousands of UNK from the Gulf of Finland of August 2007 , with the recognition of the fact that a decade ago that Russian presidential election was held ten days ago .
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance on the basis of Rule 150 of the Rules of Procedure .
that is our political programme for 2008 .
the content of the Charter has not changed since 2004 .
on the subject of human rights : numerous and often cruel executions in Iran are in constant contact with us .
does the European Court of Justice agree with this result ?
in particular , this will lead to a greater use of legislative procedures as regards about 95 % of the applicable legislation .
it would be a fatal mistake - what has been done in a few months &apos; time - to give real room for manoeuvre , that is , too little room for manoeuvre and too little support for businesses .
if this proposal had gone through , the REACH GHS would not be the GHS .
I have also noticed that the target is rather more of a kind , not smoking .
finally , environmental policy must be used as a key instrument for environmental policy .
what does the Commission intend to take in this regard ?
these values strongly demand that we protect them through a common foreign and security policy .
to date , certain figures and Maastricht Treaty - the Treaty of Lisbon - have shown that this aim is possible .
the crisis in the milk sector has clearly shown that the common organisation of the milk market still requires more instruments , especially financial instruments , in order to address issues of market imbalances .
the Ombudsman is not , there can be no democracy for the EU .
from the point of view of budgetary and budgetary policy , it is at least equally important to define health and safety at work and to respect them .
nuclear power plants are produced for more than 30 % of Europe &apos;s electricity and nuclear power is an advantage that cannot be denied , regardless of what political views we have .
I voted in favour of this report , as it is guidelines for improving the education of young people and reducing unemployment .
in fact , the definition of family law is not our job , it is one of the competences of the Member States .
the new name is the &apos; financial instrument for cooperation in the Middle East , Asia , North and South Africa &apos; and South Africa &apos; .
there can be a great deal to be done in relation to self-regulation , but obviously with binding legal instruments cannot be combated by means of legal protection , not only with individuals but also often with civil society organisations .
the effects of inequality can be seen very clearly in comparison to countries with the highest differences , such as Eastern and Western Europe .
what is more , and this is something that has not been taken into account , at the time of this transition period , there must be strict terms with regard to health and safety conditions .
we are in favour of this agreement and we will ensure that the agreement is followed in accordance with the Treaty .
in its resolution on this issue , it is not possible to focus on the issue of nuclear safety without addressing the most important instrument for nuclear safety , which is to abandon nuclear power .
on behalf of the IND / DEM Group . - ( DA ) Madam President , I would like to thank the Committee on Legal Affairs and the rapporteur for the report on the report by means of &apos; soft law &apos; , a mere word that is , fortunately , non-existent in UNK .
our reports will address the earlier time .
poverty and the European Union .
if necessary , they should provide them with an obligation to provide a minimum wage .
with regard to distortions , we can have different opinions - if they occur .
in February , the United Kingdom declared its strategy for combating public health , which provides investment in the UNK network , improves support for people who are suffering from unemployment and will launch public awareness of human rights violations .
this is a sign of both a failure and a sense of responsibility : failure to face major political , economic and social problems ; tyranny for vulnerable individuals .
14 .
it is for its history that the European Union must take on commitments on this front .
you talk about the social impact of European Union policy .
the establishment of mandatory requirements for the transportation of animals means that we do not only protect animals but , above all , means the safety and health of the people .
in my opinion , however , this lack of information will not protect us .
on the contrary , it is necessary to take into account the medium- and long-term solutions and to assess the reasons why the market is not working properly , with the best sustainable production in the automotive industry , and not forgetting the right of consumers to be treated fairly .
in writing . - ( DE ) I voted in favour of the report on textile names and labelling of textile products .
among other things , there has been a failure of the summit on the so-called adaptation of developing countries to the agricultural sector , because those who have committed themselves were too little .
but we understand its usefulness in reducing research flows and building a critical mass of skills , knowledge and financial resources .
I support the demands of the Turkish Government in terms of continuing to reform the country &apos;s internal reform efforts to improve social dialogue on the labour market , as well as increasing efforts in the field of women &apos;s rights and gender equality , especially as regards gender violence .
we now need to enter into negotiations on the Arctic protection agreement , as was the case with regard to external relations .
I therefore welcome the abolition of the visa regime - no matter how temporary it is - and I am sure that in this transition period , we will be able to assess the process of what the Commission has proposed .
the GUE / NGL Group is in no way able to support this directive .
some critical remarks are difficult to explain to Czech citizens who have been waiting for the visa waiver programme for years to come .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the right to asylum is a fundamental human right .
this House has always condemned violence and terrorism and has been in favour of political solutions .
how are you now going to have a dialogue ?
only the voters are right .
does this House make up for the European Parliament closer to its citizens ?
that said , I would also like to make it quite clear that I still have doubts about Article 20 .
that is why my group and I fully support this directive because it will achieve a decisive advance in the European Parliament , which will have a positive influence on the lives of the European public .
the first is the support of the EU institutions and institutions for small and medium-sized enterprises , in this case protection against misleading business interests , and the other is protection of competition , the widespread unfair competition , which includes misleading and misleading advertising .
the relevant committees should meet jointly with a view to exchanging opinions , with a clearer definition of a majority and a minority .
( HU ) We have noted during recent times that public opinion is following this issue with particular attention , in particular to those that we are discussing , that is to say in opt-out , in terms of application .
we all have the right right to refrain from hiding in their workplace , just as the UNK are obvious , not to be here in tobacco smoke .
however , this must take place in each Member State by means of an action plan and a debate , through action , in order to give everyone an assessment of the equal value of all the people all over the new generation .
first of all , the creation of green jobs , that is to give us a chance to support more companies which create green jobs and jobs for young people , be it for agricultural , production or transport and transport .
first of all , I have already said that we must cooperate with other international partners in this area , and that is another reason for Belarus to continue to follow the principles of multilateralism and why we must act strongly in partnership with the Eastern Partnership in order to find agreement on this issue .
in that sense , this compromise is good .
I think that this debate is important and recognise that there are certain very important approaches to follow .
the coordinated response was a separate issue .
how can we be sure that these private companies are not acting to achieve a monopoly or a market economy or do not establish prices that are not accessible to consumers , in this case , for all , and , ultimately , pay for education ?
in this sense , the Commission &apos;s recommendation , which lays down minimum standards for environmental inspections in the Member States , was a major step forward during its adoption in 2001 .
( DE ) Mr President , I would like to express my heartfelt sympathy to all those who admire family members or friends .
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to the rapporteur , Mrs Roth-Behrendt , and to his two co-rapporteurs , Mrs Roth-Behrendt , and Mrs Trautmann , for their constructive and intensive cooperation , which enabled us to reach a consensus at first reading .
cloned animals are often sick or ill , and the majority is not even alive in life .
the Lisbon result will follow the approach which I support , but I do not think that the causes of change will contribute to the future of Europe .
Member States need to improve the pensions situation by combating gender discrimination in the labour market , in particular , by reducing the gender gap by 2020 by 10 % .
you use us as much as possible today , as we are preparing the report on the next common foreign and security policy ( CFSP ) report , and the extremely complex action that will take place in 2011 will give us the opportunity to get our house in order at home .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
a real threat does not always be kept secret , but under incorrect political control .
we - Europeans , countries and Parliament - have been invited to solve this problem and we , ladies and gentlemen , have been asked for help not only in the last few years but for a very long time .
these two banks have this large sum of money in order to place this money , and this is why their work must take place according to clear criteria and principles .
Mr UNK , can you respond to that question ?
we must realise , however , that certain measures must be taken , and that our political and economic action and external human rights dialogues are not balanced .
there is much greater potential for this .
however , as a delegation to Sri Lanka , I visited a delegation .
we must not forget at this point that , depending on the attitude of society , the powerful forces of trust can take over power .
during this debate , Mr Schulz expressed the view that I would read the European Parliament .
so the Commission must now react .
furthermore , I would like to support our group &apos;s call for the unconditional and further extension of the right of Azerbaijan to the right of Azerbaijan .
this is my first time to stand before the Council Presidency as a representative of the Council , and also to congratulate you , Mr President , on behalf of the Council , and also for my own behalf , Mr President .
( SL ) Mr President , when a revolution is going on in the streets of Cairo in Cairo , the Egyptians will choose the political system and their leaders .
I myself talked about Europe &apos;s need for us to realise that we could remain credible .
I believe , however , that the agreement will be useful and we will adopt it without any problems tomorrow .
I would like to know if you believe that , in light of the recent disaster in the Gulf of Mexico , non-harmonised and relatively low liability ceilings are precisely what we need .
we therefore call on the Member States to take part in this initiative and provide sufficient human and financial resources .
these include a 50 country in which the citizens suffer the consequences caused by successive attempts at implementing the recommendations adopted by meetings of the UN at ministerial conferences .
thus , the objectives set in the agreement are undoubtedly important .
this is another important reason for supporting the report .
the people of Europe deserve nothing less !
we are calling for the construction of a new Europe , a Europe of sovereign states which will establish a partnership agreement with Russia .
things are often broken .
does the European Commission intend to review the policy of this sector in its resolution of 13 March 2007 in order to be able to find a global approach which takes account not only of users but also in the interests of the social economy and of the social sector ?
when the region presents a coherent policy framework , the European Union will continue to use financial resources .
it is also very important to ensure full transparency in the implementation of fast funding and a strong political will on this issue .
he always promises that if he wins out , he will hold a referendum when all 27 Member States have not yet ratified it .
the resolution provides a very good overview of the current situation , which is full of opportunities for the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia .
that is why we are organising a border area with the involvement of NGOs and a regular ministerial meeting of foreign languages .
( DA ) Mr President , I voted against the report , but I would also like to thank many of my fellow Members - who unfortunately have too many - who voted in favour of this report , as it gave a more comprehensive overview of the UNK policy in this House and in the EU institutions , compared with the outside world , with people who are actually creating these regulations .
that is why the Committee on the Environment would have liked its timetable to be taken into account , as this would enable an in-depth debate and Parliament &apos;s opinion on this issue .
first of all , it concerns content and , secondly , the procedure ; I shall say some of the things that have already been very well expressed by all groups .
in writing . - ( PT ) I am in favour of postponing the decision confirming the implementation of the EU general budget for 2008 on transparency and rigour , not only in respect of the full supervision of the entire EU financial framework .
thus , when I had a choice in my novel report , the consumer &apos;s welfare , the environment and animal welfare would initially arise .
it can do incentives for users who open up new contact points &#91; ... &#93; &#91; ... &#93; &#93; .
we are well aware of the fall in the amount of money available to us .
many women continue to be concentrated in the professions of limited choice , take part-time or part-time work , or such work , where their skills and contributions are underestimated .
we were told that the European Arrest Warrant could help to fight terrorism , and we all know that it has become more than that .
tourism offers considerable opportunities for social and economic development , but also for social and environmental sustainability .
the Commission and the Member States recently allocated a promise of almost EUR 500 million is an important and important step in this direction , and we should all support it .
it is said that every generation is confronted with new forms of cooperation .
it is regrettable that the resolution did not win the voice of the House , as the Socialist Group supported the interests of European citizens .
in principle , it is vital that Europe does not forget and turn its back to all those women who are not guaranteed the future of freedom and hope .
the obvious aim of this destruction was to remove all the evidence that Christians in Greek culture have been persecuted in that city .
for some reason , we have witnessed an unprecedented wave of immigration across Europe .
I also approve of the idea that implementation of the directive could lead to a reduction in the amount of waste produced and about this , particularly with regard to air quality , accountability and consumer responsibility .
patients must have complete confidence that the medicines they consume really are the medicines they expect .
of course , we would then need two different dossiers in order to be able to take any emergency measures quickly and we could be sure that there will be sufficient time for an in-depth review .
in addition , you have also created a budget line in order to encourage Member States to establish such mechanisms , or at least a combination of ties with , to deal with financial problems .
the European Commission says in its Communication on a new social agenda : &apos; the Commission also calls on all the Member States to set an example by ratifying and implementing the ILO conventions that have been recognised by the ILO . &apos;
it is important that the loss of sanctions should be so as low as possible for the populations in countries which are subject to sanctions for political regions .
in writing . - ( PT ) The European Union &apos;s consumer policy is the basic element of the consolidation of the internal market .
we also believe that the whole proposal should be approved by codecision on the basis of Article UNK of the Treaty .
the reference to the fact that it must be regulated at global level is familiar with the financial system .
I am not surprised that normal , decent citizens of Ireland are confused , as they have a temporary service provider among the central allies - with Mrs UNK and Mr Farage .
action taken on Parliament &apos;s positions and resolutions : see Minutes
on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group . - Mr President , I hope that in the course of the debate that we will be discussing , we are asking for an impartial investigation into these areas of activity , protection which is protected and an end to an investigation into criminal offences .
the measures that the EU has adopted in the short , medium and medium term are clearly continuing to represent the Union towards economic union .
the June List members are defending a referendum in Sweden over the Lisbon Treaty .
we are working with the social partners , because we believe that this , too , the idea of working with social partners is a part of our European model , and we believe that in this way we can help workers prepare for the sustainable and low carbon economy in Europe , where we want to lead Europe .
fourthly , on the one hand , excessive expenditure on the part of some Member States , including the United States , are causing major trade deficits , on the other hand , some emerging countries are experiencing a trade surplus .
as was apparent in the debate from the special committee and the alternative proposals for it , there is a contact point between the Commission and the Council .
these are sectors which are linked to the greatest geopolitical risk .
since the full impact of specific forms of online advertising on consumers is not yet known to consumers , we urgently need to act to fill this deficit with a UNK .
this must be one of the results of Copenhagen .
this agreement is not such .
above all , we must remember these small and medium-sized enterprises , which not only provide work for a large proportion of our citizens but also have enormous potential in the area of innovation .
if we go down this route , there will be no more investment in this sector .
the Commissioner has also mentioned the comparison of air passengers , but we know that , in the case of UNK , there is no , in fact , the same as it is doing in the case of UNK , so I shall question whether both statements of the Commissioner are correct .
in Poland , the opinion of the German Socialist Party is much more important to Mr Van Rompuy , and a much more important voice from Mr Barroso is far more important than that of Mr Barroso .
is the Commission prepared to make an exemption from the ordinary public health services at least in order to do so ?
I sincerely hope that the Member States will take the action plan under the White Paper &apos; Pierre de UNK &apos; seriously , and that the Commission will provide the necessary guidance and , if necessary , economic help with the relevant judicial authorities at its disposal .
Mr President , this is true that we need to regulate the financial markets and introduce a system of solidarity .
in recent years the differences between Member States have begun to decrease but , at the same time , there has been a significant difference in the number of differences within individual Member States .
in my opinion , a better legal regulation can play a key role in this , with a study of the effects of new and existing laws on minors .
if a country meets the conditions , it will be able to continue with the accession process and , at the end of the day , will be able to join the EU .
nothing !
I think that she will take time to negotiate with both sides but I think it is important that he has the support of both of us and of other US countries in these efforts .
of course , it can be said that better late than never , and with this amendment we can at least ensure that the resources can be used in full and , I hope , will also reach them very rapidly and in the best possible way in those who suffer the most .
we must take care to ensure that suspicion does not fall within the scope of the whole judicial system and Eurostat &apos;s ability to monitor the legal systems put forward by the Member States .
if he wishes to make comments in relation to these reports , I shall be interested in listening to them .
I therefore warn that no decisions should be taken until the International Criminal Court in The Hague has decided on this issue .
with regard to objective methods and extensive evidence , the Goldstone report mentions these points of view of the Goldstone report , as well as with regard to what violations of international law , Israel , against the disproportionate wealth of this policy .
Mrs Weber stated that the media law in Hungary does not provide sufficient protection in terms of energy .
why , then , will we continue with the torture of our citizens by taking advantage of jobs and livelihoods ?
even on-call time for on-call time is unable to be fully or in part in a climate policy , as requested by the Council .
this has led to the reliability of institutions , leaders and neighbours .
what kind of scientific and financial UNK can be attributed to such figures ?
it is important that we concern ourselves with the situation of women who have arrived in Europe and are kept in detention centres .
that is why I welcome the result that has been achieved .
I would like to explain why .
when discussing the Lisbon Strategy , I am pleased at the fact that it represents a wide-ranging view of sustainable economic development , growth , environmental protection and social responsibility .
let us hope that the referendum will put an end to the bloodshed and that , once a process begins , a lasting peace begins .
firstly , the political context .
in Belarus , these are significant steps .
I am asking you what is now the European idea , which was the basis of the establishment of the Union ?
we are also concerned that a reduction in the sector &apos;s competitiveness may also lead .
I hope that the Commission will add to its legislative legislative proposal for the future of the Common Agricultural Policy on the future of the Common Agricultural Policy and the necessary financial resources to ensure the stability of the market economy and social security systems , and to guarantee the security of financial interests in the future .
many of us were in this project .
we would draft the Commission &apos;s proposal to extend the concept of vulnerable groups and to include issues such as specific problems for families , family members and large families , dealing with family members with disabilities and homeless , promoting active integration and access to culture and cultural life .
we are regulating ourselves , so we will no longer have a market on the market .
it is very hypocritical that the EU is now returning to children &apos;s rights , if its policies lead to unemployment , temporary work , a reduction in living standards , health and educational education , and sport and culture .
I would like to state officially that the European Commission intends to fully respect the principles of the autonomy and independence of the Governing Board laid down in the Regulation , and the Commission does not play any role in the strategic decision-making process of the EIT .
( FR ) Implementation of the procedure of procedure
so I believe that the debate that we are having this evening is fair , useful and democratic and must provide evidence of effective action .
my second point concerns the report of the public debate itself and a very significant reaction in relation to agriculture .
it was important to oppose the proposal to include development policy as part of our external policy .
we need to examine and compare the control mechanisms used in the European Union and Member States .
a strong recovery in modernisation and participation in the Eastern Partnership can contribute to this task .
we wanted to gain revenue for protecting and improving forests , as well as clear standards for new coal-fired power plants , so that the plants operating in the market could not be opened without having to have a carbon capture technology in advance .
the weakness is that the aspect referred to in the second pillar - namely rural development - has been cut down in the medium term , and this must be accepted by the Commission and by the proposal of the Commission more than 20 billion euros in cuts to the euro .
14 .
I believe that the &apos; Safer Internet &apos; programme will really be able to successfully solve these problems .
( Parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment )
the tourism sector is very important to European companies and Member States .
more generally , guidelines are required to ensure a strong office which is compatible with Mr Chichester and Mr Vidal-Quadras &apos;s reports .
unfortunately , it is in favour of European level and the people who have spoken .
why is it that , at a time when all of our countries have serious concerns with regard to energy supply security and Turkey have a geographical nature of this kind , which allows the Caspian Sea to become outside the EU , is still open to foreign borders ?
it is an act of force .
( RO ) I very much welcome the measures put forward by the Commission and the Council .
Vice-President of the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy / Vice-President of the Commission . - Thank you for all this important and interesting debate .
I would like to congratulate and thank the rapporteur for raising this outlook and for having managed to give a very positive direction to this policy .
( FI ) Madam President , I believe that it is very important that we should try and achieve a common policy with regard to organic products , but it is true that we need to ensure that there is a scientific base and a scientific base .
I would like to express my appreciation of the Stockholm Programme , which will give impetus to ambitious political efforts to improve the region by 2014 .
firstly , security of supply - and this has been achieved .
leave my words : there is a mistake in tax matters .
in addition , the changes are also good for Turkey itself .
dumping and a lack of information relating to their complaints are transferred to the complaints , and that a complaint can be taken by complainants to withdraw their complaints .
the policy that we are proposing is the answer to gender equality in all our fields and in all areas of life .
in order to prepare people for life and to act in society , schools should be at the forefront of &apos; lifelong learning &apos; , with a wide European Union programme to find that people from all ages are able to learn , thus returning to a healthy and more tolerant nature .
thus , the question of banking secrecy has been resolved at EU level with a legal point of view , and this cannot hinder the complete exchange of information between tax authorities on the basis of a request .
they must speed up job creation while at the same time maintaining a long-term and sustainable fiscal policy .
the decision of the Belarusian authorities to terminate the OSCE Office in Belarus is regrettable .
you will both take them away from them .
in fact , with the entry into force of the new Treaty , the responsibility to protect investments is in fact a responsibility for protecting investment from Member States .
I propose that they speak to a few employees on Wednesday - on Wednesday - the vote to take place in Parliament .
in any case , we must switch to a system of own resources .
in writing . - ( PT ) This report covers a number of important issues and some of the conclusions we support .
well , that was not their fault , but apparently others !
as we have already heard , it costs EUR 60 , that is to say the average citizen of Belarus .
in order to raise the number of children in the EU 27 Member States and that lifelong learning is very high on the ageing of the EU &apos;s population ageing , it is to be welcomed that with the Treaty of Lisbon , the EU can also become involved in decision-making .
this is continuing in the same way as in the past .
but it must mean - if we want to remain credible - that we are doing two things : energy policy , but also human rights policy , improving the human rights situation in these countries .
( FR ) Mr President , it is really time for you to know what half of you are going to choose .
we must move away from solidarity and competitiveness , since these two are not UNK .
it can address at regional level .
indeed , the situation is - and can be linked to some of the questions - that approximately half of the total applications were presented within two last weeks , thus more than a million requests in two of the last few weeks .
it is unacceptable that a few people , extremist extremists , decide for violence and even terrorism , and are doing so in favour of God or belief , claiming that they speak for others , or even they are on the top of the law , and are bound by countless innocent people in its violence .
Mr President , in order for any strategy to be effective , I believe it is essential to create strong links between targets and existing sources of energy , and I see the EU 2020 strategy being seen as a top priority in the EU 2020 strategy .
I call on the Commission to pay particular attention to small and medium-sized enterprises and to guarantee them fair and non-discriminatory conditions of competition .
I would like to ask the Commissioner to take something on this issue .
first of all , I would like to say that I do not have anything to do with gender equality in the fight against gender equality , and that is not the fight for equality between men or women , but the fight for all society .
as I said at the beginning of the debate , there has been a turning point in the history of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in the history of the Non-Proliferation Treaty .
the situation ended with the death of those who used the right to express their views freely .
I understand Parliament &apos;s position .
so we must make the right conclusions from the situation .
in my opinion , publication of EU funds for the use of EU funds should also prevent potential abuses and thus promote openness and transparency in the use of EU resources .
this will take place in particular care and severely restricts the scope of this legislation .
rapporteur . - ( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , thank you very much for your constructive comments at the end of the debate and , in particular , for the constructive cooperation .
first of all , we are often looking at the introduction of UNK and UNK , which is a ridiculously UNK of UNK .
could one or two things be done in national supervision ?
for some of them , thirteen Christians have been victims of terrorism , such as UNK and UNK .
as Mrs Doyle said , we do not understand why these amendments are unacceptable .
( the sitting was suspended at UNK p.m. )
the aim is to avoid budget deficits and excessive debt and promote surveillance of economic policies and the coordination of its policies , thus supporting the achievement of growth and employment in the Union .
we need to ensure fair competition and refuse to allow our efforts to tackle climate change at a disadvantage on climate change .
over the past decade , in the Balkans , too many villages are lagging behind .
Member of the Commission . - We always follow the facts .
there are , in fact , significant signs of improvement in certain areas of activity , particularly international trade , and consumer and investors &apos; confidence .
at Community level , industry accounts for UNK % of GDP , but there are also those Member States with only 14 % of GDP .
whoever is responsible for this , it is absolutely unacceptable , absolutely and utterly unacceptable that the text of paragraph 3 was initially introduced by Israel and Hamas on an equal footing .
they only have to look at the gestures of their party .
I would like to remind everyone of the British UNK flight , which in 1982 , having pushed through the cloud , through the UNK of the ash cloud , and , in particular , the serious threat to Boeing &apos;s invasion , which occurred in 1989 with the volcanic ash cloud .
in any case , this has been done , but also with regard to the UNK of the United States policy of UNK Paul UNK .
she has tried to split the Progress programme &apos; Progress &apos; with a review of the budget before the European Parliament has decided on its decision .
I agree with the proposal to reduce the rate of transposition of the Single Market directives by the end of 2012 , both in terms of 0.5 % , but also for incorrect transposition .
following a few months &apos; time , but with a few hundred and more self-employed workers , we have only had a proposal for 12 months with a view to the elections .
we cannot apply double standards , because this would undermine the credibility of the EU , nor to introduce new conditions .
it is enough for Turkey to be completely given a privileged partnership instead of full membership .
all of us do not have to go back over time and again .
we do not envisage a better legal system , no matter whether it will write a book or whether we want to make up and look for an interesting prescription .
if we undermine human rights , we will not have any of the basic principles .
it is in the interest of the Swiss generation of Switzerland and , of course , it is in the interest of young people in the Swiss region , who want to become involved in a special partnership with Switzerland or the Netherlands , as well as the Erasmus programme .
( it ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , what is clear is that the confidence of consumers has once again been shaken again , and consumers are naturally asking themselves what national authorities do , and what the EU is doing to stop these polluters .
historically , in the middle of UNK , there has been the most falsified nuclear plants , but in the second half of 2008 , for the first time in 2008 , there was the most falsified rail network .
at that time it was not possible to say more .
- ( ET ) agreed on a number of important issues .
the German Presidency has three objectives - three times 20 times - at the heart of the agreement we approved in the European Council , which I hope will be adopted tomorrow by the European Parliament , which will respond to the targets you set yourself .
I condemn Mr Belet &apos;s death and condemn the lack of freedom and democracy in Cuba .
- ( FI ) Mr President , Commissioner , first of all , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Kacin , for his excellent and thorough report .
finally , the Commission welcomes the study on minorities and discrimination addressed yesterday by the Commission .
did you know that the Netherlands has now been the largest donor of the European Union for years and that the Greeks have , for many years , had the largest recipients of Dutch money ?
however , we have to be careful that there can be no cuts in agricultural prices to cut prices .
( RO ) On 30 March of this year on 30 March a year ago , there are 17 countries with eight different languages .
having raised the amount of EUR 250 million to increase the amount of financial aid , they are building new plants in Poland , Romania and Hungary .
of course , price stability is a general objective , but in the interests of farmers , it is not possible to be able to guarantee it in a country or a Europe .
in fact , the conflict has also been linked to Russia and South Ossetia , and financial resources have come from Arab countries and China .
this amendment would provide an opportunity for a significant expansion of the market in the market and , therefore , it should definitely be rejected .
that is our priority today .
( the President continued in English )
but I said - and I repeat this - that , as the honourable Members well know , the deadlines were such that the Council and the Commission had to act in a very short time .
it is important , however , to choose the right approach , with a view to introducing a coherent initiative , as well as a whole of the EU industrial policy , and this must be relevant and balanced .
the situation in the Mediterranean region is a lesson to us in terms of human rights violations .
that is why the EU and its Mediterranean partners have begun , specifically Egypt , the European Union , the European Union for the Mediterranean .
I support a number of amendments which are , above all , intended to adapt to the objectives of the proposal and to change them .
this country has achieved a great deal in the last 12 years : it has successfully developed structural and economic reforms and has effectively combated corruption and organised crime .
we have to admit that there are problems and there are measures , actions and attitudes that may not be perfect .
all taxes which can be adopted are the most basic so-called &apos; Tobin tax &apos; .
GDP is more innovative and does not generally reflect environmental sustainability , health , social inclusion or social progress .
there are certain issues for certain areas of activity as well .
we want to fill the gap of democratic legitimacy following a gap in the referendums that took place in referendums .
let me just say one more word on the subject matter .
unemployment is particularly worrying , as you said , for young people .
cohesion policy is enshrined in the Treaty of Lisbon .
now , however , a step has been taken .
this would certainly help to improve cooperation in the Union .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I am grateful to the European Parliament &apos;s Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy and the Committee on Regional Development for intensive debate and for the report we are discussing today .
I voted in favour of this report , as I believe that it is very important to improve the economic governance of the European Union .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , if there is a chance in Europe to implement these new technologies and to use gas shale gas pipelines in Europe , we could improve our common economy in order to reduce our dependency on imports .
in Northern Ireland it is estimated that you are in a position to listen to your thoughts .
this supports the Stability Pact and the sustainability criteria of the other macro-economic guidelines , as well as the need to permanently produce production and the labour force .
I therefore support the idea that the Finance Ministers , in particular on 22 December 2004 , are implementing three points in the proposal to reinforce Eurostat with a view to making it possible to reinforce Eurostat with regard to 22 December 2004 .
this requires a more pragmatic approach , in which we will ultimately achieve a level of 3 % , and then in the medium term .
the current situation should be analysed and the timetable which will be completed as soon as possible .
the large number of children living in their homes , which is the subject of today &apos;s debate , is often not an exporter of abandoned children , but it is , in fact , marking children of the poor , who cannot cope with their difficult personal situation .
it is a proven instrument and , according to the decision , the cornerstone and the first example of mutual recognition is the principle of mutual recognition in the field of criminal law .
the regulation governing the control of exports ( EC ) No UNK / 2009 , which introduced a number of important changes in the way of controlling exports of dual-use items within the European Union .
I would like to raise a couple of questions .
Greece , Italy and Spain cannot cope with it alone , as these countries are under strong pressure .
well , Mr Rack , do not worry , we have started at exactly what is at midday , and today is sitting at the moment , so everything is going very well .
Mr President , I would like to point out to the Commissioner &apos;s attention that , in my constituency , I consider them to be the local UNK of electrical appliances .
the fear of the PKK attacks - the anger that can be recorded .
we must therefore find a common approach in this struggle , based on the rule of law and a law of law .
we should not only support but also demand respect for human rights in Europe as it is in its external relations .
well , I now have another theory , namely that perhaps the women who in the committees , the European Commission and here in this House are doing so hard to employ young women in fact are fighting for their own interests .
growth achieved by almost 3 % in 2007 .
the mandate given to MONUC by MONUC should undoubtedly be extended , but it must also be reassessed and strengthened in order to avoid such a growing tendency to protect .
secondly , I would like to call on the Belarusian Government not to lose sight of all Chernobyl children .
the importance of this could be felt by the terrible history of my country , and the human rights violations that are currently taking place are taking place at the moment .
I would like to thank Mrs Matias for her excellent work .
no one is against transparency .
I would now like to ask that speakers meet their speaking time .
the behaviour of the Belarusian authorities is creating a change of mind , as it is in conflict with a UNK at the time of the election campaign , when we saw the emergence of a wide range of powers - a true opposition and active civil society .
the Commission has asked the Council for a mandate and a mandate of a negotiating mandate that will provide a mandate for negotiations with Liechtenstein with regard to the current weaknesses in the system of money laundering and tax fraud .
the Commission has taken steps to stabilise the financial system , which will help the banks to return to their customers again .
the Energy Labelling Directive has a vital role to play in achieving the EU &apos;s 20 % target for energy efficiency by 2020 .
solidarity or a level playing field nothing more than anything .
in particular , I would like to clarify , Mr President , that before voting on these reports , we asked for the vote at the Commission level , and the European Commission gave us a guarantee that full reciprocity is guaranteed .
this is adapted to the new challenges , which are the effects of globalisation , climate change and demographic change .
it is all very well , but the first signs and trends in the form of a &apos; political correctness &apos; consensus on the so-called &apos; political correctness &apos; , for the sake of freedom of establishment , who knows , sooner or later , to change them in a different way .
in our common foreign and security policy , we must make the next major challenge .
however , we must make it clear - some lower standards are understood by countries very soon , if their standards are raised - that freedom of movement should not lead to a certain degree of competition which is characteristic of established social standards .
as Members of the Communist Party of Greece , we therefore voted against the resolution , thus confirming its position in relation to imperialist EU and its enlargement .
secondly , there will be a study to which the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs , whom I would like to thank once more , have made a number of questions that are worthy of particular address but , as a whole , the Council will probably mean that the Council will have a great deal of opposition to this proposal .
Europe is facing a huge economic crisis and must look for effective ways of getting out of it .
I am pleased that the security system was created in Kosovo recently and that members of the Serbian community are members of Kosovo .
the European Commission , under the order of the Council of Europe , has committed itself to creating a proposal to establish an intergovernmental European Heritage Label .
I therefore support the decision to make the stress tests on nuclear power plants in the territory of the EU .
the transport system , which works well at local level , is better than a service , with an end to overregulation .
author . - ( NL ) Mr President , my most important question to the Council is , in fact , whether he or she has to act .
they will result in higher production costs and may distort competition with countries which have less stringent in this matter .
I would draw attention to the position of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , which stresses that sport is to be valued socially and , in particular , for young people , as a means of respecting them , respect and child care .
a minimum wage is certainly a good idea , but it must be a model for workers and for Europe &apos;s small and medium-sized enterprises .
I would also like to address the other side of the issue , of course the instruments we use to promote and support the promotion of democracy in the field of human rights .
I am not going to deal with the issues in order to make them , but I will try to respond to them in a few moments .
I think it is still our biggest crisis .
the European Commission has suitable instruments and mechanisms to monitor and correct the Member States &apos; financial policies .
( applause )
in July of last year &apos;s attack on the Iranian People &apos;s Mujahedin ( PMOI ) camp can only be described as UNK and UNK .
it will only delay the crisis .
as a result of adoption of this report , Member States will have concerted action to tackle this disease in the European Union .
now that President Obama has begun to take the lead measures against his own people , of course we condemn his actions and impose sanctions , with little benefit .
there is only one European and that Europe is our home .
we have seen to this , and the whole world knows that the US Government had been forced to get money into recession , at the first stage of USD 700 billion and USD 600 billion at second stage .
European industry is facing not only the effects of the economic crisis but also the new challenges of a globalised era .
we know that terrorism is a global threat and requires a globally coordinated response , which necessarily involves increasing the efficiency and consistency of life , the coordination of positions of opinion , the implementation of a global counter-terrorism strategy , with the United Nations in the United Nations playing a leading role , and in close cooperation with different regional and international organisations involved in the fight against human rights .
of course , to associate our group with our group in the Committee on Budgets , we had a UNK of UNK .
today , this is more important than ever .
increasing the energy performance of buildings will help reduce the consumption of primary energy and CO2 emissions .
thus the year 2010 will be a year of fighting poverty .
in recent times , there has been a great deal of pressure on national minorities in Italy , Austria and Hungary because of the cuts in their interests .
the main features of this report are due to the high levels of animal feed , and the problem of antibiotic resistance and terrorism has been taken into consideration in relation to antibiotic resistance .
I am aware of the creation of a Union of less than 10 metres of EU vessels linking up with the UK .
furthermore , he has supported President Mbeki &apos;s early warning , in order to be able to reach a positive outcome in respect of the choice of the Zimbabwean people on 29 March .
one of these positive causes is the extreme poverty prevailing in these countries , which will make countries weak and not allowing them to fulfil their national responsibilities .
in any case , even though the introduction of the optional instrument is aimed at facilitating cross-border trade , taking due account of the needs of consumers and businesses , it is meant that the existing European legislation is satisfactory to the needs of the various parties involved .
( the sitting was closed at 12 a.m. )
Mr President , I am grateful for the intervention of the honourable Member .
unfortunately , however , it is unlikely that all proposals by the European Parliament will be adopted .
combating the rise of extremism in Europe ( debate )
it was hardly such a request when you , Mr President , are preparing for this debate with many Members of this House in front of you .
I now wish to address the future partnership and Cooperation Agreement which will be the subject of this debate .
I support the system of country of origin labelling , which promotes these standards , and I believe that this would be acceptable to the majority of consumers and manufacturers .
the fact is that the Commission has long removed from the interests of citizens in the Union , in accordance with neoliberal policies .
at the request of the Supreme Court , the decision made a decision that the implementation of the scheme will mean a legacy of heritage , and the Constitutional Court recently tried to suspend that or did decide to stop it .
in view of this effective cooperation , there is no more reason to change the structures in this area .
it is true to say again once again that they were wrong .
this situation will force the EU to import more than 40 million tonnes of protein crops and are due to long-term agreements that allow duty-free imports of goods and protein crops , such as the general agreement between customs and timber and the Blair House .
as well as being aware of the fact that the work on the work of ENISA is an important social interest , I hope that more resources will be allocated to it .
we now need to work and we must not waste any time .
( SK ) It is also a coincidence that the Commission takes very little account of our Parliament and its opinions .
this text contains an element of an UNK ideology .
Mr President , you may think that , since I was in this House in July , I do not have any points of view on Parliament &apos;s programme for 2010 .
in order for there to be a hope of UNK UNK UNK , we cannot allow a situation where fish stocks are threatened unilaterally to try to set up the whole range of stocks unilaterally .
however , it is also clear that all countries will not be able to take strong measures in a relatively short time in the relatively short term of measures proposed in a relatively short time .
it is not just fair .
( HU ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the future of Europe has been severely affected if it is able to develop societies that possess and support children .
support for human rights defenders has long been a component of the EU &apos;s economic and monetary policy .
the rule of law requires that the right to self-determination must be individual and not collective .
I voted in favour of this report , but I did so only because the report makes it very specific that there will be no progress towards Turkey &apos;s accession negotiations with Turkey .
what sort of example are we talking about here ?
the planned review does not meet these requirements and that is why I have voted against .
it is questionable whether such an approach is worthwhile .
thirdly , in France , there is no intention to introduce any specific regulation and , as I said , it will be a matter for each Member State to decide .
we know that the Commission , in view of the Council &apos;s opposition , will find a revision of the revised recast proposal in the coming months .
the second thing that I have to say to me is that , although we are being allowed to determine our own composition , which is an vital institutional issue for all European institutions and for the Union itself , we will not be able to choose our fellow Member State for the sake of one of the national courts , and instead , we are being sold as being UNK UNK to the Strasbourg city .
the &apos; food security security &apos; crisis highlights the need for specific measures to be taken to increase global food stocks : this is a market that includes physical and economic access to healthy , adequate and nutritious food .
in writing . - ( RO ) We often say that young people are Europe &apos;s future .
once again , I support this EU initiative to promote active EU support for a system which , if implemented properly , has succeeded in reducing the rates of tuberculosis recorded in Europe , as confirmed by statistics by EU Member States .
Mr President , Commissioner and Vice-President Barrot , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to begin by thanking Mr Moreno Sánchez and the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , because our debate on the cooperation and cooperation agreement has been taking place on a case-by-case basis .
our ports are clean .
we have achieved big progress in a hundred years , but there is still much to be done .
in particular of the consumer scoreboard , what methods does the Commission plan to use to processing the data collected by young consumers and how necessary to get them ?
the rules must be applied in a fair and uniform standard .
under the leadership of the Portuguese Presidency , under socialist government , there is a duty to try to bring about change .
the world is now changing , and these mechanisms must also change .
demand has risen sharply , as the economy and the population have increased , as has the increased demand for energy .
those who claim that there is no freedom of expression or information in Italy are different , and they know it .
I agree with Mr Rübig , namely that the current increase in prices means only a small level of income for farmers compared to what is happening in the food chain , with the UNK and the UNK themselves .
it is a matter that we have achieved in cooperation with the Council - and we must admit , through a degree of pressure , so that we can solve the problem in the medium term .
I agree with what Mrs Wallis said about the role of the Committee on Petitions .
air transport is an essential part of competition policy , enabling equal opportunities for all businesses operating in the Single Market .
what has been highlighted is the need to provide assistance to women who want to set up their business .
unfortunately , the ability of independent supervisory authorities will still be able to compete against a number of restrictions , including limited access to legal information and technical information .
if the work is done in time , we will be able to implement innovations and yet protect jobs .
in light of the current situation in civil aviation , we believe that the draft agreement raises serious doubts about its scope and its possible consequences .
mobilisation of the EU Solidarity Fund (
Parliament shares our desire to create a more open , effective and fairer European asylum system .
today President Medvedev is attending the G20 meeting in London .
on behalf of the PSE Group . - Mr President , I wish to congratulate our two rapporteurs .
we are constantly looking at the same security standards - either international or , in any case , with an understanding or a UNK .
that is my first message .
this is very important .
we therefore need to have organs before they can be used for them .
it is a common asylum policy , a common asylum policy , a common asylum policy , a European Asylum Support Office , and all the challenges that await us in reaching agreement with the agreements .
you do not even know how you will vote today .
the last thing I would like to say is , in fact , related to Mr Schwab in relation to all media .
these two relations are obvious .
this has obviously created more jobs and , in some cases , encouraged the regional economy .
I thank you for your support .
in other words , it requires a sense of tolerance and a secret secret .
in order to give the debate a stable base , the Member States should come up with care for generations .
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs . - ( NL ) Madam President , the package contains intelligent proposals to protect consumer rights and privacy , but unfortunately , there is no coherence there , and thus creating a market for both businesses and consumers , since the scope is completely unclear .
the potential of the European Union and the international community to make the basic real situation in Somalia is low .
I am talking about transparency .
although this is not perfect , it is a step in the right direction .
it is always the finger at the other direction , and that the influence of Brussels will not have to be pointed out in another , and the influence of Brussels will not have to be highlighted .
if the European Union really wants to develop a foreign policy that has an impact on any influence in the world , then it must also have a sense of responsibility .
I am very pleased to express my support for the trans-European project , which offers added value not only for Europe but also for the world through its purpose , by finally eliminating tuberculosis .
( EL ) Mr President , first of all I would like to congratulate Mr Capoulas Santos on his report .
with its report on territorial , social and economic cohesion , I believe that it is an attempt to provide a comprehensive framework highlighting the key role of cohesion policy and its contribution to increasing the EU &apos;s global competitiveness .
it is equally important to put forward specific proposals for reciprocity , and I welcome the fact that your report recognises the importance of all the measures intended to safeguard the internal energy market .
credit rating agencies ( implementing powers conferred on the Commission ) ( vote )
that is precisely the reason why we in the Committee on Budgets - we wanted to choose people to change the flow of traffic to all European citizens , so that they can achieve a better life , and that is what they are trying to do .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as I already have before the Commissioner , in recent months we have repeatedly addressed the system of classification , labelling and packaging of chemical substances and mixtures , known as the GHS GHS , and I am rapporteur for the rapporteur .
it is therefore more than justified to condemn the persecution of numerous NGOs , especially the human rights organisations , in drafting a resolution , which is currently taking place in Egypt , and supporting the freedom of association , which is governed by a series of social movements in the country .
the legacy of the Hungarian socialist colleagues &apos; heritage of UNK has a huge amount of energy to turn the European country into a democratic and free Europe , with a constitutional mandate that was granted to us by Hungarian citizens in free elections .
the European Union stresses the need for a fair , lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East , and calls for continued discussions and resolution of all the problems of the peaceful conflict , including the main issues .
right now , I would like to touch on the specific article in the new draft Treaty , which we have spoken before : Article 24 of the Treaty on European Union .
firstly , it is only right to leave the percentage of biofuels by 10 % , because if there is any problem at all in Europe , it is the problem of energy security .
unemployment , precarious employment conditions , lower living standards for living standards and problems relating to quality public services are among the main causes of poverty , the nature of which allows us to talk about Europe &apos;s poor living conditions .
4 calls on Israel to put an end to military action , in which the civilian population is dying or threatened by civilians , as well as the deliberate killing of religious minorities ;
however , as other Members have pointed out , it is not possible to achieve this , without an intelligent market care that understands and has sufficient technical expertise .
( ES ) Mr President , this accident cannot , of course , be compared with other incidents relating to air travel , or even for example , such as Naples , which has yet to make a decision on the international financial market .
it is high time for a financial institution which was put in place at a time of crisis management to abolish the flow of money .
this is therefore a good step in the right direction in the field of waste recycling in electrical waste , as this will enable us to improve health conditions and ensure that raw materials are returned to producers .
I do not know if you are still going to introduce a financial transaction tax .
but please think about the difficulties that arise .
the main aim was to give financial assistance to Bulgaria and to other countries which have been forced to carry out nuclear power stations in nuclear power plants , even though it is against their convictions .
in the future of Parliament , the situation in the future should look at the situations in the future .
it must be emphasised that Europe is dealing with a major partner in the area of energy supply security .
we need to be consistent !
I would also like to express my thanks to my colleagues in the Council , and to all those who have cooperated with them , the firm support that they provided to the President-in-Office , my particular thanks go to the Commissioner for Foreign Affairs , who has fully fulfilled the role of her neutral mediator , and , in conclusion , I would also like to thank the employees in these three institutions who participated in these negotiations , their very valuable and professional contribution .
this is particularly good news for those who live in border regions and , in particular , those who suffer from rare diseases and need to find specialised care that are not available to their country of origin .
police cooperation is thus logically followed up on the basis of a pragmatic approach .
in writing . - ( NL ) The former workers of Opel Antwerp and four are now in contact with the fact that GM is being treated by GM .
the Thai soldiers must stop shooting ; violence against demonstrators can and will not lead to a democratic solution .
the instability in the region persists , despite its success .
as far as the aforementioned quotas are concerned , I believe that I have a little misunderstood .
in writing . - ( PT ) I voted in favour of the report .
over the last year , it has become clear that a more active action is needed in this area , mainly by the Member States , but also by the European Union .
apart from eliminating the gender pay gap , it is still necessary to tackle the question of the basic role of women in terms of ensuring adequate reinforcement and equal treatment .
it is very difficult to ask the speaker to terminate the speaker , especially when she is in full swing , but try to adhere to its speaking time .
with regard to the common market with regard to other goods , goods and services - roads , railways , airlines , airports , the digital world , the digital world - and we see the need to meet the objectives of our European energy policy with regard to security of supply , solidarity , competition and consumer interests .
the harmonisation of the transport of goods , especially with regard to road transport , is an absolute necessity and a logical step which should have a positive impact on the EU &apos;s internal market .
for our group , however , there is a particular problem of energy poverty and what we are going to do to address it , because that is still a very serious problem in Europe .
energy statistics ( debate )
in this way , we will be helping us with the consistent work of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development in developing guidelines on mainstreaming in adaptation .
we have also laid down a code of conduct .
( HU ) The military junta is proving that the elections in 2010 come to a free and democratic order .
we also see progress in the work of the Committee on Information and Media in favour of increased trust between consumers , and this is only the beginning .
however , I am convinced that we will be able to maintain access to digital technologies , although in a new form , in order to keep up with the arguments .
all of these things occur , and when we express our concern for them , local elections can , in my opinion , take a much better atmosphere in my opinion .
if we are now saying that we are introducing 100 % of the de minimis requirement that human error prevents us , then that is not true .
have we not learnt anything from the Second World War ?
the economic crisis has become a problem for the whole world , but the economic crisis also provides an opportunity for deepening and deepening transatlantic relations .
in writing . - ( LT ) While the agricultural sector is not very important to Lithuania economy , this report is important to my country of origin .
in relation to this , I would like to emphasise that , when the report on equality between women and men in 2009 was adopted by 2009 , the majority of MEPs supported the view that women must have easy access to contraception and access to abortion .
on the one hand , there is an up-to-date , rapid and public information on the creation of European political parties and their joint European status .
in order to avoid tax evasion , it is of the utmost importance that these three countries ( Belgium , Luxembourg and Austria ) , who are currently exempt from the current system , will be involved in this system , which other countries have already introduced .
both think that certain remaining targets should be phased out in full and that agriculture should be classified as a minimum .
some of this money has not yet been used for Italy , and we are doing almost every day with the Italian authorities to see how the programme &apos;s money can be reallocated so that it can be used to deal with the situation in Lampedusa .
it is no wonder that many of them would leave Burma because they have no choice .
thus , in March , the Council called on the Council and the Commission to present before the European Council a plan for the management of migration and gas pipelines in June .
is the Council prepared to accept that ?
as a lively conference in Tibet , a country like Tibet , I would call a Member State a Member State , and I would like to ask you to make use of the available instruments .
the rapporteur points out the advantages that the euro brings with , but also the dangers and problems that could arise .
we saw enthusiasm and gratitude and I think that development should be taken into consideration in all the policies of the European Union .
I believe , however , that harassment and harassment of the law are unacceptable , causes fear and reduction , and may encourage the transfer of private individuals .
( DE ) Mr President , I have a question for President Pöttering : do you still have the right to vote in this House ?
if the British Government wants to save money , then it can introduce the euro , give the European Union more powers and responsibilities , and to keep money at the expense of those who work in Britain .
in addition to President Barroso , the Committee on Constitutional Affairs is encouraging the debate that we are discussing in the European Parliament today .
climate change is intended to undermine peace and stability in the region ; they must not be able to make progress .
there is simply no alternative .
this Parliament will not give up on its traditional banking system .
I agree that this is necessary .
( DE ) Mr President , as you are aware , 28 countries have now become members of the European Union , including 25 Member States of the European Union .
in that case , we have done well with our work .
this strategy must certainly include bold goals and innovative measures .
we often say that EU small businesses are the heart of the European Union &apos;s economy .
the report by Mr Rouček , on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , on legal migration management , and
they can lead to an ecological disaster in their everyday lives .
I would even say that a majority in the Committee on Budgets does not understand its accounts , which has also been confirmed by the Commission &apos;s studies .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , I will be very brief , because a great deal has been said .
the latter problem is the methodology of the elections .
we are talking about a more sustainable energy Europe , which should be governed by EU policy as well as gas and other energy sources .
the directive on the restriction of the use of hazardous substances and the adoption of the resolution of 28 January 2005 concerning the use of the Community &apos;s action plan on the elimination of child pornography , mainly against the use of cyanide technologies , is primarily opposed to the use of cyanide technologies , since Europe is a region that is particularly vulnerable to the most vulnerable populations .
this must be achieved within the limits set out ; otherwise , such a directive will be useless .
animals are treated as a result of premature ageing or other diseases .
we therefore need to make the right conclusions in relation to institutional and practical solutions .
- ( CS ) Mr President , I welcome the fact that Mr Schwab has achieved a compromise with the Council which will increase consumer rights and also contains my proposals on financial matters .
we therefore expect us to be able to use this opportunity to invest in energy efficiency in buildings and the possibility of creating millions of new jobs within the next few years .
since there is a time for a minute , there is no time to raise the politics of politics .
a system of security , which bans the citizens and employees of local workers and employees , is being subjected to ever more indignation against the European Union and its rigid legal system .
we are sending a major delegation to the G20 Summit in which we will discuss the opportunities for exiting the financial crisis .
this is not only a problem in developing countries only in developing countries .
when it comes to the number of orders , the number of signatures required , their control - look at what happened a few months ago - not in any of these points about the criteria that we and the rest of the world must meet in order to be able to respond to the elections and to the elections .
I want to give an answer to a few questions and to prepare for further cooperation , because we are not yet at the end .
I would add that the Council &apos;s common position introduces an explicit provision for the revision of the opt-out .
in order to improve VAT fraud , the Court recommends applying principles which ensure that European added value is promising , that targets are clear , that the plans are both realistic and simple , and that reporting is understandable .
the Italian authorities informed the EU Member States , through an early warning system , the other EU Member States as a result of the tropical virus caused by the UNK virus in UNK .
the Soviet leaders would have saved millions of lives if they are to be able to cope with food shortages and food shortages , but they did not do so .
it is important to point out that the possibility of getting EU membership was one of the driving forces behind the development and reforms of the Balkans in the Balkans .
if the British Government wants to save money in Britain , then this can be done in the field of research in order to introduce a European patent immediately .
the Vice-President , Joe Higgins , just said a few months ago in this House with a clear commitment to such a strategic partnership .
this was &apos; yes &apos; we will be able to achieve better coordination : better cooperation between the people and a better supporting division of labour , greater cooperation between the world &apos;s development policy ; the role of the World Bank , the World Trade Organisation , the Commission and all the major powers ? &apos;
so I am sure we will see such behaviour in the future .
Monday :
instead of investing billions of euros in new energy technologies , we must put this money into renewable energy .
to conclude , I would like to repeat that the EU is a permanent dialogue with all emerging countries alone , and alone in relation to each of the partner countries with similar human rights , with a mandatory clause that is evident in all new agreements concluded since 1995 and which requires respect for international law , be it in accordance with the International Convention for the International Criminal Tribunal , the UN Convention on the Rights of Human Rights , or in the implementation of social and human rights conventions .
as I emphasised today in our debate with China , I am also very sure that the US , the European Union and China will meet the negotiating table at the negotiating table and it will be setting an example to others in terms of concluding a new agreement for the establishment of future generations .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that it is time for the House to close endless discussions on the Treaty of Lisbon , which we are still witnessing today .
in my opinion , it is very important to send out the message to the Belarusian authorities that they must respect the commitments undertaken by the OSCE to respect human rights and defend minorities , which is an important part of respect for human rights .
you have become completely indifferent to the fate of European workers .
the Copenhagen Summit will only succeed if we can convey the message of shared responsibility and solidarity .
I am pleased to see that they share our concern .
as rapporteur , or in this case , as draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , I would like to emphasise once again that the role of the European Parliament must be increased in order to increase the role of the European Parliament .
finally , my second question concerns the timetable , and you spoke about the problems with the Commission and the budgetary authority .
thirdly , I hope that in this plan , we will be able to demonstrate that it offers added value to all of Europe .
furthermore , we must not forget that the European Court of Human Rights has rejected Mr Battisti &apos;s request for defence and that the European Union is currently based on respect for basic human rights in its actions , which is an important element of the European Constitution .
we approve of the EU &apos;s police and judicial cooperation to support the authorities in Kosovo .
in this context , the Council , in cooperation with the Council and the Commission , in cooperation with SIS II and in consultation with the relevant bodies , asked for a report to be submitted to the Council with a detailed evaluation of the two solutions and their comparison .
we should therefore open ourselves to Belarusian citizens and make them easier for them to apply for their visa .
recently , the leader of the official ethics of the Republic of Lithuania , the leader of the Polish minority , of the Lithuanian minority , and a Member of the European Parliament , for having submitted a question to Mr Barroso on the respect for the rights of minorities .
once again , I would like to thank the two rapporteurs - Mr Grosch and Mrs Ţicău - for the constructive way forward .
2007 progress report on the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ( vote )
( SK ) The protection of religious minorities is undoubtedly one of the most important principles and , in my country , the Slovak Republic , there is a truly extremely high standard standard to minorities .
we are looking forward to rapid development in this matter , including on a minimum income so that people can live in a decent life .
with the new common agricultural policy , we must strongly support - and this is what we are doing , with farmers &apos; incomes within the first pillar and support measures for rural development by increasing investment in agriculture and food supply .
at the same time as a number of countries across the world have already introduced a immigration policy which has relatively satisfactory results , most of our countries have a greater share of their choices .
as you are all aware , Member States have the possibility of introducing higher rates of VAT during a time of austerity .
this is why we in Europe must not be afraid of criticism of the Israelis and Palestinians .
admittedly , there is a real risk of a &apos; à la carte Europe &apos; threat but , given the fears of some Member States , which are rooted in their strengths , we must act .
this is the case in the countries with very large agricultural products , whose productivity allows for the sale of a range of UNK - in the United Kingdom , for example - and it is also so UNK UNK in areas in which industrial production is economically logical to be able to sell the same place on the same footing .
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Scottà &apos;s report has made an important contribution to the conclusion of the original document .
we in the European Parliament were elected in a time of food crisis during a food crisis that was linked to chicken , UNK and similar problems , one of the Commission &apos;s first proposals was the White Paper on food safety , which , in my opinion , was done to guarantee food safety in the European Union .
in writing . - Relations between the United Kingdom and other European countries with the United States has another strategic priority for decades to come .
we cannot rule out human error or technical features , and thus both play an important role .
there is still one of the EU &apos;s main components of support for all spending .
this can be achieved , in particular , with the support of small and medium-sized enterprises , which are one of the key functions of the Member States &apos; economy .
we can imagine , as we can imagine , with the terrible suffering on a daily basis and its family , every day in front of her family .
you are right to do so , because it is , in fact , just in line with the association agreement and the commitments that have been made by the Tunisian European Union .
we are talking about endlessly UNK business ; we are told that entrepreneurs must be allowed to develop in the European Union .
I voted in favour of the proposal to extend Article 186 with the interim report so that the European Commission can respond quickly to the urgency procedure , because it establishes an instrument which is important to use .
the role of forests in the European Union &apos;s energy strategy is also an important point , since the potential of forests is not being sufficiently exploited in the energy mix .
in addition , this means that this lesson is a failure of the previous approach .
Madam President , our questions are on the basis of highlighting the benefits that our citizens can expect of such an age and which we can offer for such a package .
however , the Member States have an impact on the Member States in different ways .
I agree with the general approach of this report and , in particular , with the statement that the European Union must strongly promote the integration of the European Union .
in particular , with regard to natural resources and biodiversity , the outermost regions offer good access to sustainable ecosystems for European research , with a unique cultural sector and agriculture .
( DE ) Mr President , the issue is that we , the European Union , have a clear strategy with regard to financial supervision and a lack of coordination , or a sense of responsibility .
I have already said before we are monitoring new technologies closely , which I hope will enable us to simplify procedures .
that is the question .
we should not allow ourselves to be seen in such a way that , in future , we are also allowing minimum standards for posted workers .
it is time to assess the situation , but it is also obvious that it is precisely through the evaluation process that we must find the tools to move forward .
improving water quality , the functioning of transport and tourism , and agriculture goes hand in hand .
I would like to express my thanks for the fact that this is so incredibly pleasant to have been so incredibly pleasant to have our cooperation .
Europe cannot afford the luxury of giving up the opportunity to produce an alternative gas that can be used in the EU while , at the same time , the traditional fisheries sector in the North Sea is UNK .
since the new regulations are being introduced gradually , as well as the financial consequences of the special reports of the heads of the central banks and of the heads of supervisors on 12 September 2010 , these advantages will unfortunately occur only over time .
until we have made any progress in these areas , the cost of any UNK will be left innocent taxpayers .
the creation of a European Research Area , which I fully support , is , in fact , the idea that we are all aware of what we are doing and that we combine with the expertise that we already have in place throughout Europe .
obese children have obese children and it is growing from a generation of five years .
the future will not make up for the division of a single country ; the future will build economic recovery , mutual recognition of different communities and cultures , and the establishment of legislation .
it is difficult to imagine how the United States could otherwise pay the enormous debts that it is currently taking , and how he or she gets his debts in order to pay their debts and to normalise their debts in order to survive their debts .
it is interesting that we are discussing this issue in the run-up to the G20 .
( DE ) Madam President , Commissioner , Mr Verheugen , ladies and gentlemen , I warmly welcome this report and this debate , because I believe that we are dealing with some very sensitive issues , and that is what is really happening .
now , I would like to ask the President of the European Commission , José Manuel Barroso , to speak to us .
but you have made this debate very open .
if they are amended , it is difficult to understand what provision is currently in force .
that is why the report calls for the European Commission to carry out more in-depth monitoring and to draw up a regular evaluation committee .
we are pleased that you are supporting the Commission in these technical issues .
( NL ) Madam President , first of all , I would like to congratulate Mr Seeber and also thank him for the excellent way in which we have addressed the micro-credit instrument .
of course , the European Parliament cannot put an end to the conflict of aggression and conflict , but I assure you that Parliament will place human rights at the heart of the review of the status of Israel under discussion of this year .
it is therefore very important to call on all parties to put an end to all of them in order for people in these regions to be able to live in peace again .
I would like to point out that the exchange of PNR data is regulated between the European Union and the United States of 2007 .
( PL ) In September 2007 , based on a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council of 2006 and of the issue of the Nabucco gas pipeline , the European coordinator for the project was appointed , namely Mr Van Orden .
many other perpetrators of crimes are still in freedom and some are still living among the most vulnerable families of the victims in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
if the conclusion of free trade agreements means that we are allowing Europe to bring products which do not comply with our social and environmental standards , it is pointless reform of the common agricultural policy .
the structure is there and environmental targets are in place , but the actions of the Member States have weakened their effects .
for a long time , there has been talk of improving the working conditions of women , but unfortunately nothing has changed .
Greece is one of the Member States with considerable problems with the proper implementation of the directive .
on behalf of the UEN Group . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , a short while ago I heard the very serious and even UNK statements by my Maltese colleague , Mr Maroni , on behalf of the Italian Government .
today , we must be honest about this issue .
in this context , the Commission should have reacted more quickly .
pension systems fall under the competence of the Member States .
of course we are aware of the sui generis nature of the service , which is reflected in the role of the Vice-President of the High Representative / Vice-President of the Commission , as we know , as we know , that the service must not be accompanied by all the services that the Commission has put in its external action in different areas - and which is not just a common foreign and security policy - use by means of cooperation .
EU position and obligations with regard to a high-level meeting of the United Nations on the prevention and control of diseases (
I think her report shows that the European Parliament , in any case , wants to see much more effort in this area .
I think we should also pay particular tribute to the approach adopted by Commissioner Barrot , by the relevant Directorate-General and by the German Presidency .
this is the case , namely , that an English document is recognised on the continent , but it is also recognised as it is recognised by English law .
every proposal that is put forward is excellent .
Turkey is the most recent , obvious and most obvious example of Islamic democracy in the Arab world and , of course , with the UNK economy .
ECVET will provide additional funds for interpreting and transposition , using a common regulatory framework in order to promote the transfer of information from one system to another .
are these binding targets truly an excellent solution , are always being praised by the Council ?
in the Green Paper , the Commission proposes modernisation , simplification and an improvement in legal certainty to achieve legal certainty .
children &apos;s mediation effort should be treated as a crime .
in addition , the implementation of policies must continue to be supported in order to support individual joint actions in the event of need .
it should introduce a financial transaction tax ( FTT ) and introduce Eurobonds .
words alone will not help us to make progress .
( FI ) Mr President , please forgive me after the vote .
we are independent in order to provide a minimum wage for 25 to 25 million .
the brain drain could also have been better addressed and , therefore , I remain in favour of the positive aspects of the report , despite its positive aspects .
you do not hear any argument : this is entirely incomprehensible .
public awareness of the risks associated with pesticide use must also be raised .
they do not understand these things .
for this reason , the creation of a Media Council in our view is not a sensible act .
the common agricultural policy must change if we want to find answers to the new challenges , such as climate change , increasing energy poverty , world population growth and openness to openness in global markets .
the main commitments undertaken by the donor countries are as follows : a better design of more than five years for a more than five years ; the use of administrative authorities and organisations in the partner countries ; the transition from the financial management system imposed by third countries with regard to the eligibility criteria set by developing countries themselves .
we know that this is followed by foreign policy instruments , because this is the subject of international law in a totally inappropriate zone .
