in my opinion , it was perfectly inappropriate that the European Investment Bank did not show respect for the procedures imposed by Parliament , but tried to influence a decision through a political period .
the new protocol that the Commission now presents to us in comparison with old restrictions .
finally , I call on the Commissioner to increase the amount of de minimis aid in all production sectors , despite the national ceilings that are currently existing in the resolution of the European Parliament in the resolution of 17 September .
in this context , the European programme of monitoring the European Union can provide a new opportunity for the European Union to encourage the development of the industrial strategy ( particularly in the space industry ) , by creating jobs and developing innovation , improving environmental research and improving public security and , finally , synergies with other sectors that may provide valuable opportunities for small and medium-sized enterprises .
we all know the increase in livestock consumption , which have ruined the medium and low income groups .
I also believe that they should continue as long as there is clear evidence of an improvement in the situation in Zimbabwe .
Mr Monnet and Mr Schuman was very forthcoming people .
this package is important for Europe &apos;s future prosperity .
we also want to start dialogue with Russia on the quality of democracy in this country and , above all , to address the problems that have been absorbed in relation to election observation and debate on our Russian positions in this matter .
however , thanks to the good cooperation between Parliament , the Commission and the Member States have finally been agreed .
Mr President , Miguel Portas does not have to continue .
this is the only way to take preventative measures and , at the same time , help the European Union to take opportunities within the framework of the policy of raising the birth rate .
the success of sport for sport alliances is legally limited .
Mr Schulz should not try to convince us that he is a social Europe .
the fisheries sector is of strategic significance for such regions , both in terms of supply , employment guaranteeing and fishing communities in terms of economic sustainability .
I believe that every country &apos;s general emissions reduction in the year 2020 should be identified as a result of per capita based on persons , naturally without restricting the solidarity mechanisms between States .
macro-financial assistance to Armenia (
the Commission &apos;s figures have presented 201 requests to obtain authorisation for the adoption of the job after their term of office in the Commission .
it is , of course , necessary to find a solution for the people of Cyprus .
the Congolese army still does not have sufficient human , technical and financial resources to fulfil their responsibilities .
there are four questions here : the first that was raised in the course of this debate , of course , concerns a management passport authorisation ; I heard how the Commissioner expressed his fear with regard to poor preposition .
Cyprus has also been dealt with in many speeches .
however , I supported the amendment proposed by point 32 , which was introduced to the concept of a European transport fund .
that concludes Question Time .
firstly , taxation : at the moment , each Member State has a right of veto on the tax issue , whether this common tax base , harmonisation of taxes , or any other tax matter , which will result from the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon .
I believe that the procedure which you have proposed to cancel the rules in cases of serious infringement of the rules will have a major prohibition , which will remain appropriate .
I am also pleased with the compromise amendments concerning legal assistance .
firstly , the first integration of the third pillar for freedom , security and justice should be so rapid and extensive as possible .
in addition to these very relevant comments , I would like to highlight two points .
the traceability of donors and the accommods and protection also deserve particular attention .
of course , the answers can be only one : once and for all kinds of negotiations with Turkey immediately .
I therefore call on the G20 &apos;s employment and social ministers for regular meetings .
the proportion of intelligent transport systems in the area of road safety will also be discussed at the informal meeting of transport ministers at the end of April in my country , Littomy at the end of April .
we need independent institutions who are working at European level and can monitor and ensure that the principle of equal treatment not only in theory , but also take specific steps for the effective implementation of this directive .
mid-term review of the European Environment and Health Action Plan 2004-2010 (
she plays a vital role , providing an area of detailed information on the national and private institutions in this sector .
however , if we reject the adoption of illegal , secret immigrants , the trafficking of human trafficking and organised crime is responsible .
I congratulate the French Presidency &apos;s determination ; the Presidency has made every effort to reach an agreement .
let me allow me to make a very specific observation .
because of the complexities of certain political nature , this agreement was not enforced , but it represents a crucial text , because it contains - personally , as the constituent mandate - the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union .
Nigeria &apos;s central problem is not only that Christians have been killed , because instead in January this year were killed in Muslim .
that is all I can tell you at the moment , but perhaps at a later debate on the Eastern Partnership , I can go into detail .
in this case , carriers would be responsible for loss of passenger luggage and undermining under analogy conditions regulating the service office of other modes of transport .
now on Wednesday , the Presidency and a common delegation from the Commission .
in my opinion , this is not only the challenge of the Commission , it is also the work of the Members of Parliament to ensure that the appropriate unions , trade unions and small and medium-sized enterprises , the involvement of small and medium-sized enterprises in this debate are both at an early stage as possible .
the European Parliament will support him in meeting this difficult task .
for these reasons , I would like to see that we adopt a resolution in which Parliament is clearly opposed to the anti-missile system .
such information has been given , albeit lately , but I do not think that this is sufficient .
the resulting problem that was discussed in committee was mainly as follows : both for 1976 and the Treaty of Lisbon requires Members of the European Parliament to choose the direct citizens of the various peoples .
they have supported the functioning of the financial market , contributed to an improvement in financing conditions and allowing credit to flows into the real economy than it could only be achieved through cuts .
the signing of the Nabucco agreement I mentioned by Mr Barroso was also the outcome of the Czech Presidency .
what can we really do ?
we have called a coordinating people against terrorism and then , without a clear justification , we have found that we will be able without the functions of this person .
nevertheless , I am conveying your concern to my colleague for socio-political policy so that this matter can be thoroughly investigated .
however , we have already said that strict criteria will be setting out another step .
as regards the external dimension of culture , culture in our external relations , I think that we have a responsibility to provide this dimension .
however , let us call many things with the right names , today Egypt &apos;s violent Mubarak troops , not demonstrators .
the Lithuanian construction industry is currently going through difficult times because of the financial and economic crisis , there has been a huge decline in demand and in the recession of Lithuanian citizens very difficult to buy credit .
as I said , in particular with regard to waste or dangerous waste , we need to ensure that the implementation of the Convention would be fully in line with Regulation ( EC ) No 1013 / 2006 on waste shipments , which was adopted relatively recently .
some of these parts are now reflected in this joint motion for a resolution .
also , from a humanitarian humanitarian - and here will also respond to your question - from Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropolopologis - many shipments are now finally reaching Gaza .
let us prove that .
we must therefore go further in the negotiations to guarantee Turkey &apos;s accession , because the country will play an important role as a mediator in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and as a platform for Iraq and Iran .
it is not only another education opportunity for many young people , but allowing them personally familiarised in the EU so that they feel as European citizens as full citizens with its own identity , but who are united in diversity .
at the same time , it is good to see that this has been revealed by the European Parliament on the right-wing right-wing right , who have spanned the Treaty of Lisbon .
SMEs must be unhindered and urgent .
its greatest value is that the issue has been approached from the point of view of the farmers .
Mr President , if I may , I would like to speak on the regime .
for example , this directive obliges the airports before consulting the decisions concerning airline charges .
however , we are living in a single Union and we have a common monetary policy and a common currency .
as the events of the last few weeks have shown , Pakistan remains the growing growth of terrorism and extremism .
is informing communication policy a separate or cofinanced policy ?
finally , whether the limit value must be applied to genetically planned factories that are producing treatment ?
following the analysis of legal and ways of legal and illegal immigration , the Committee on Civil Liberties has drawn the attention of the fact that an ageing society and labour market requirements need a consistent and integrated immigration policy .
the second point , which I would like to mention , concerns us in the European Union .
this budget gives the Member States an excellent opportunity to find markets within and outside Europe .
that is an excellent point and I am only pleased about that .
we are pleased that we can have an answer from the European Commission today in this House .
by rescue packages managed to suspend the downward spiral only by rescue packages .
my third and final point is that , now , budgetary policy has played a more central , more leading role as a fisheries policy .
the report aims to respond to the Commission &apos;s recent Green Paper on European contract law and describe the priorities of Parliament &apos;s priorities .
in conclusion , I would also like to stress that we need a new form of fisheries agreements and is also included in the human rights clause .
( RO ) I am very pleased with the EU and the US data protection agreement : we certainly have to support it that cooperation in the name of combating crime and terrorism is more effective .
the values of Western civilisation was protecting Western civilisation in their futile peripheral .
the European Union should work towards this objective .
as many of you know , John Bowis was recently sick in Brussels and he was carried out in hospital .
economic governance must be strengthened together with strengthening the democratic legitimacy .
in my opinion , Germany should now take the lead and move towards a common European cap .
the Hungarian Presidency negotiated with a very narrow majority of the Council .
in addition to the more effective implementation of the international and Member States &apos; anti-discrimination laws , as we have just heard from Commissioner Reding , special emphasis on Roma inclusion , because their integration in the labour market and education is the economic interest of the Member States .
the negative impacts on economic growth and employment is sufficiently serious and affecting the Lisbon objectives today in the Member States .
however , in order for the European Union &apos;s strategy for the rights of the European Union to be more effective and implemented jointly in all 27 Member States , the implementing measures should be provided for by the Member States as well as the European Union &apos;s resources .
I personally at the middle of the middle .
for example , Article 43 ( 1 ) of the European Union provides for the challenges of the European Union &apos;s armed forces .
these instruments , which have not been used under three previous years , are falling .
we must therefore help them to create development conditions that would lead to new productive opportunities and create new opportunities for improving living standards .
the EU needs to have a strong and effective impact on the expanded system in the United Nations system and remain identifiable to finding a common position , the EU must also increase flexibility in relation to less important issues in order to allow more rapid and more effective responses in discussions on problem problems .
- Ladies and gentlemen , as we had some time , I can give the floor to a few words on a list .
appointment of a Member of the Court of Auditors ( Gijs de see , the Netherlands (
these include the European Youth Guarantee Initiative and the initiative of the European Employment Pact initiative attached to the European Youth Pact .
it has all derived from the late and inconvenience of the Italian Government , who , sadly after the terrible cases committed by EU citizens , have understood that Italy is in crisis .
it is not , therefore , and I would simply say that this is an example of how we are once again trying to work in citizens elsewhere in countries working and living in other countries .
we must listen to their concerns and react to them .
I also call for at least part of these appropriations to be used by technical measures that would help reduce the application procedure , because it is too long for many assistance .
this is not the way to which we should move and therefore we need to think at national level and a priority to establish a system that will allow farmers and food producers to survive and purchase high-quality and healthy food prices .
the sympathy expressed in the resolution on the suffering of the Palestinian population because the EU and the United States are part of the problem .
I am pleased to mention the programme of organ donation and transplantation and the rights of cross-border healthcare rights .
as far as I know , one of the fundamental tasks of Members of the European Parliament control over the executive .
while young people are fighting against the military and the police against all and soul , we will limit our diplomatic signature .
can you also support the numbers ?
many of you , particularly the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , have asked me in this context of the methodology in this context as well as Mrs Wortmann-Kool .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , I would like to thank everyone for their speeches and to make two brief statements .
finally , I believe that we need to ensure that this aid is more effective .
we represent a billion people and , if we reach an agreement , we will have a positive development in the world .
there is a general debate where we are all in agreement , and then there is a problem that needs an immediate solution .
the impact on ensuring measures in compliance with RFOM , illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing can exchange fishing boats .
finally , I am very pleased that one of the most important role was elected to the woman , not only because of gender equality , but to her excellent lives .
the new Treaty should confirm that there is a balance between these fundamental rights , but there must also be mutual equal treatment , proportionality and the minimum level of data security .
we are prefering a clear diplomatic solution here , a negotiated solution instead of a military solution .
at development level , the EU is already the main adoption of Somalia , providing a peaceful and long-term support for peaceful and self-sufficient society .
last but not least , since 20 % of emissions are caused by transport , we need to move towards short distribution channels , particularly in agriculture , which will lead to job creation in our own countries and in developing countries to create jobs and a reduction in our emissions .
after all , there are resources .
I hope that this experience will also make you and many others in the Czech Republic .
firstly , I would like to ask about the administrative burden on small and medium-sized enterprises .
in relation to what my colleague , Mrs De Vits , means General Motors , I would like to ask the Commission whether it takes precautionary measures for the potential collapse of the parent company .
emergency measures needed to resolve the exceptional situation .
unanimity is a system that will enable a few possibilities to impose on everyone .
the Community method is a message .
that is why I believe that we need technology revolutions , and the arrival summit should guide us on the right way .
if you can base our accusations of information from the last few years , I would really like to investigate specific details to relocate your argument .
the debate is closed .
the mothers of the opposition activists in White are mothers in White and women .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( PL ) Mr President , I , too , would like to add my welcome to the Commissioner and I believe that we are working well and working well .
we are not so well prepared to disaster as Japan and we lack practically even civil protection policy , such as nuclear accident , in the event of a nuclear accident .
their turnover could increase if we finally create a Community patent , thereby preventing the intellectual ownership created by small businesses .
the amount of EUR 146 million available on the revised proposal must be directed to projects which have a swift , measurable and actual impact on economic recovery .
these reports are therefore very appropriate , because they will be able to build on the future policy on this extremely important issue .
so let us govern us .
therefore , farmers should not be afraid of these restrictions , because it obliges the processing industry to break down closer posts where animals are being grown .
I believe that the Commission must take the necessary steps to adapt the necessary steps to adapt the railway infrastructure in such a way that it would offer European services and , at the same time , create lack of connections in cross-border crossings by replacing the old railway infrastructure or renewing Member States to mitigate the problems arising from different radiations and providing the necessary financial assistance .
( applause )
the war against workers , self-employment and small-scale farms are a strategic decision for citizens &apos; governments and the EU &apos;s strategic decision to support the profitability of capital .
it creates the basis for a new environmentally friendly agreement that enhances the European Union &apos;s competitiveness at international level .
the market for green products and services should be doubled by 2020 , which creates huge opportunities for the creation of &apos; green jobs &apos; .
as the meeting in March of the European Council was expressed to support such an approach , the European Commission has actively participated in the IMF and the OECD in defining good practice .
I would ask you to explain in your detail about how the Commission will have the opportunity for the Commission to comment on the draft national budgets before their national parliaments can do this .
this regulation creates a Community legislative framework for informing the Commission on investment projects in oil , gas , gas , electricity and biofuels , and energy projects concerning CO2 energy .
the next item is the Commission statement on rule of catastrophe in Hungary .
they said that enhanced cooperation , which includes 25 Member States from 27 Member States , could be used to fragment the Single Market .
( PL ) excuse .
there are already good examples that have already been given and should be made more visible .
in the Arab world , the socio-political basis does not disappear from those of those countries that are now in the transitional phase that we hope for a growing democratic environment .
there is no proportionality in connection with every war , and every death are too much and there can be no balance between one part to another .
therefore , in certain points , the Treaty of Lisbon has resulted in cooperating with national parliaments .
however , this information has certainly not reached a normal European to whom I have the impression that Greece dominated the whole spring meeting .
we had the Hungarian Prime Minister today who has taken over the position of the Council , and I now ask the Hungarian Presidency to continue the Hungarian Presidency , which was started at a time when the Belgian Presidency was Belgium .
let me cite only one example of the collection of data , which apparently affects my colleagues .
after all , there is the question of the efficiency of resources .
furthermore , the EU must pay more attention to the situation of our trading partners in the area of human rights .
I have visited Romania and other Eastern European countries , and a lot of phenomenon was familiar with me .
in writing . - I believe that , despite the uncertain situation in Egypt , the European Parliament has the right to continue with the approval of this agreement , which should make companies &apos; life easier without making political comments on the Egyptian Government .
she is already making a maximum authority and can approve the Treaty .
as a result of the far-reaching consequences of these ratings , it is inevitable that intervention must be intervened in the area .
for these reasons deserve all the approaches on this urgent economic and strategic issue .
it concerns student mobility , but its added value is that it provides for education that meets the needs of the labour market and ensure the necessary skills and knowledge .
the number of jobs is among the greatest economic indicators of Europe and used to assess the European Union &apos;s labour market and evaluation of the conditions from the European Union in the framework of the Economic and Monetary Union .
if there are different positions in connection with the IMF &apos;s interference and when discussions should continue , interest rates are automatically rised .
Prime Minister , as you said , we intend to preserve the Spanish Presidency to preserve the same very strong position on the Community method .
as a result , more people in one country died at the moment throughout the world .
I would like to express my firm conviction that the debate started here must also be launched in the constituency , as usual .
what we have in Europe is deplorable in Europe - deregulation or interference in the currency markets - forcing globalisation now .
our Ombudsman have done their job actively and balanced in the investigation and processing of complaints .
I would like the Commission to consider IRI that the side and whether it really is sensible .
it is also clear that medicines and sisters in hospitals need to be considered as different workers &apos; on-line rules that actually mean the obligation of willingness .
we need to promote the profession and standards at European level that farmers must honour .
the share of youth unemployment is 24 % in France , in Italy 25 % and 39 % in Spain .
I believe that this results from cynical behaviour of some countries who want to make a dirty business part of Africa in this particular part of Africa , whereas we are pleased and agree with the Olympic Games in China .
I believe that cofinancing of vaccination programmes should continue in the coming years , given their effectiveness and a new much simpler legal framework on which we are debating today .
the truth which makes us better people to rebuild the country again , is that in the framework of this fight , I learnt lessons to guide the first knowledge of the first knowledge of the words of Jesus Krista : &apos; love your engines ! &apos; .
the report on general management of corporate financial institutions lays down a number of measures to implement financial institutions in leading companies .
Mr Gargani will present an oral report on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs .
the objective of the Baltic Sea Strategy is not the creation of new institutions .
producers can resolve all financing questions at one contact point , which will give them significant savings .
composition of Parliament : see Minutes
in writing . - ( LT ) I support the resolution and welcome all the observations made in it .
interim agreements are not covered by all the countries of the ACP region .
1 .
representatives of civil society can deal with the social issues that the political groups represented in the European Parliament cannot or want to raise .
my country , Estonia , is an excellent example of a successful transition to a pension fund scheme .
it is important that the treatment provided in other Member States and a Member State of insurance , would be based on proof and objective need in order to prevent the burden on national health systems that obviously reduce their effectiveness .
these are the ANFF words , not me .
I know that it is difficult to keep , but without becoming part of the global market , we will get nowhere .
you are certainly aware that in the last 20 years , the number of animals used for scientific purposes does not despite the fact that scientific prices in the area of biometric studies has doubled every two years .
( RO ) Mr President , in my opinion it is regrettable that no official statistics on rural and agricultural tourism and that the only available data are based on the estimates .
I was grateful to hear and welcome this .
you said clearly that you are prepared to change this , and I hope you will go in that direction .
EU financial support for the International Foundation for Ireland 2007-2010 (
( PL ) Mr President , the common market organisation of milk and milk products is an important issue for both Member States and the European Union as a whole .
since the majority rejected this amendment , we voted against the draft regulation .
the Green Paper on Consumer Protection did not raise all of these issues , but they are dealt with in this report .
it is unacceptable that countries such as China use raw materials as a political weapon .
in addition , the project creates a good basis for the construction of an integrated integrated security network , which would ensure protection from cyber attacks .
we are not prepared to deal with the question of who suffer most - people with disabilities , gay or elders .
in solving problems with Georgia , we must not forget that 20 % of Georgia is still occupied .
so the question is whether we allow body scanners or not .
the 2007 Green Paper on New development of urban mobility &apos; was therefore defined by the broad areas of possible additional measures at Community level in order to promote greener and safer cities and more smarter and more accessible urban transport .
the European Union should strive for clarity and efficiency through the legislative framework .
at the same time , we understand the complexity of this great country and I would like to express my deep sympathy for the victims of the many terrorist attacks on India .
over 60 % is under 18 years old , and it is for that reason that I want more attention to the conditions for education and healthcare to be paid to education and healthcare .
all the parties have made enormous efforts to prevent this text into the agreement process .
this is no longer justice , but also a commitment to action and negotiations , as well as to condemn and impose sanctions when neither parties are threatening peace .
the number of solutions to the problem of mutual recognition of authoritarian documents by the Member States have meant that the mobility of these documents are complex and that the number and species of the documents transmitted are restrictions .
( applause )
I therefore welcome this asylum agenda that has been participating in drafting a number of public organisations and sets out the code of conduct for the forthcoming years to develop a common European asylum system .
I therefore think that we need to be sensible and balanced on this issue , and I would certainly like to have a revision of the proposal in the period of four-year implementation together with the full consultation of this industry .
a large part of your text has been incorporated into this report , and I think it is shameful that you are now going to go back .
( RO ) Mr President , the increase in natural disasters and the consequences of these natural consequences is one of the greatest problems facing the European Union .
today &apos;s decision coincides with the International Climate Change Convention in Poznań , in Poland .
Mr President , macro-regional strategies are particularly a political instrument that represents a possible form of regional cooperation .
protecting women , particularly during pregnancy and when they raise children , must be a requirement so that children receive their fundamental rights immediately from the start of their lives .
not only serious cases do not have a disastrous impact on the national economies , the environment and welfare .
now the Commission forces the Orbán Government to change scandalous laws .
this agreement will receive an even greater market part of the United States of the United States , which already currently control more than 80 % of the world &apos;s trade in the world &apos;s trade - although the Commission agrees that it attempted to call this agreement with this agreement .
Mr President , we found that it would not be fair to mention only one of the parties , so we would like to remove a reference to the Kosovo authorities .
Russia &apos;s future is linked to the future of Europe and this must be developed with persistence , without complacency and , despite many of the many difficulties at present .
Sudan and the International Criminal Court ( vote )
action taken on Parliament &apos;s positions and resolutions : see Minutes
I would like to repeat the words of Mrs Letandor &apos;s words about the deepest and interesting content .
it would be necessary for the EU to review its policies and reform .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the discussion of the Services Directive in the European Parliament sent an unprecedented public political debate .
the Commission &apos;s proposal , with great brother established that seasonal fruit should be distributed , giving priority to the diversity of fruit , so that children can discover different tastes , are absolutely ridiculous .
today , and tomorrow , the European Parliament will express solidarity with the Tibetan people .
I would like to point out that the draft directive includes improvements in the requirements of the requirements of the requirements : the exchange of information between the authorities and the feedback that the European Commission requires the number of cases between Member States in constantly growing action .
I hope that the Union will be able to respond effectively to this important task .
frankly me when this seems to be a minor factor in these times .
other very important incidents - and here I would like to thank Commissioner McCreevy , who is here today , the Cities of Valenciana , which Mr McCreevy and his team worked efficiently to protect the procurement directive .
the workers fight for public transport companies who satisfy their needs with high-quality green services .
we have just adopted a report which Mr Lehtinen has just adopted .
Vice-President of the Commission . - The Vice-President of the Commission is not about Greece , because it is not familiar with the details .
( RO ) The Commission &apos;s initiative to extend the principle of equal treatment in other areas of community life , which prohibits discrimination on the basis of outside the labour market , age , religion or belief and sexual orientation , is essentially necessary to finalise the anti-discrimination package .
by increasing public awareness of the importance of prevention and the importance of healthy lifestyles , the final result is to reduce health costs , as prevention of diseases is cheaper than their capacity .
the package itself is good , there is no doubt about that .
I believe that we need to respond very strongly to all aggression against Taiwan .
thank you for the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs for the report , which includes areas such as climate change , mitigating poverty and general development .
that is why we are doing the basis of the future financial perspective of the Europe 2020 strategy .
I agree with many of the speakers who referred to the need to emphasise the important role of local parties and the involvement of civil society .
this must be very clear .
the Ombudsman was not up to October 2010 .
however , there are relatively little countries represented in this House which weakened in the century of one form of totalitarianism since one form of totalitarianism .
Ireland and the third Bulgarian project came for Ireland .
this is why the Commission will continue to increase its assistance in important areas such as rural development , agricultural development , basic services , education and healthcare .
it also sets out in the proposal that fathers can take two weeks &apos; paid leave , so that they are able to have her woman with his woman .
I am thinking of the issue of human rights in Europe and , in particular , the Council of Europe .
I could go on , but then we would be here .
this is not a good translation , because people think that this means &apos; united &apos; .
Europe must continue to do everything that is capable of dealing with the current challenges , and I believe that we have reason to be sure .
in this connection , the Commission &apos;s proposal does not clearly define situations requiring a reduction or suspension of agricultural subsidies .
the aim of the European Asylum Support Office is aimed at providing expert aid for Member States and contribute to the application of a consistent and high-quality common European asylum policy .
the vote will take place shortly .
this is not a difficult burden , but a huge opportunity that we must develop on the basis of developing our vision .
it is a human being human being for his existence from the lowest point .
we have developed practices .
I would like to say to anyone who constantly claim that the European budget is serious : European expenditure should certainly be controlled than the expenditure of Member States .
so we give producers the opportunity to understand precisely what they are buying .
the real question is that Airbus continues the development and production of aircraft in the euro area or not .
that is all about the first question .
the flexible working time must be applied to develop services which support women and give them the option of freedom of choice and self-development .
I would ask the Commission to take the necessary measures to ensure that Community law is always prevail .
both Parliament &apos;s Legal Service and the European Data Protection Supervisor has referred to the risks of an external service provider in the area of diplomatic protection .
a five-year fall through two candidates , this year .
I myself live in a country where 500 000 people live .
however , the Commission must organise a clear research impact on what the liberation of postal services is probably indicative of employment .
and , if you will allow me as an example to bring fisheries , the fact that we have the outermost regions in the Indian Ocean , such as La Réunion , is an example of how we can have the same word directly to say in existing regional fisheries and what we are trying to develop for this maritime area .
however , we do not have any intention to leave us from this excellent tradition .
a unique EU citizen who do not use direct air services are nothing to do with this activity .
in June , Vice-President , Mr Almunia , will give you a report on competition policy for 2010 .
however , what we want to do is to increase awareness , which must be given to people with information on their pensions - so we need a monitoring system .
the Presidency was happy with the solution that has been found on this issue and I would like to read an appropriate statement by the Hungarian Presidency , which will also support the next Presidencies , Denmark and Cyprus .
as regards common rules on fiscal policy , tax competition is problematic and problems with low tax rates .
in my view , this is a very comprehensive proposal involving a number of aspects to ensure that safety is taken into account at road infrastructure at all stages of life : planning design and introduction .
all EU Member States signed the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child , but in many aspects of the rights of the child , we have hardly good group in Europe .
I fully support the trend towards a water and sustainable economy and , of course , the full implementation of the Water Framework Directive , which I was involved in a few years ago , when the rapporteur was my former colleague Marie Fleming from Austria .
all this applies to the 2009 budget , whose volume of commitment appropriations is EUR 138.8 billion and the volume of payment appropriations is EUR 116.1 billion , while the budget is not high .
it should be noted that there are clans and senitations that continue this practice , and this is a sensitive issue in the country , but it really wanted for development and I believe that it is important .
so these mandates have been approved .
we need to take steps in order to limit these appalling activities .
the European Parliament at that time , the European Parliament was very active and attentive .
for us , this is also the beginning of a supervisory process for a lasting five years to maintain pressure on the political interest and the Member States to implement the directive .
I demand that the Commission is not concluded - if its intention - a similar agreement with Italy , because we have seen the consequences of this despicable agreement .
we need to be cautious , because if we start to conduct checks and analyses following each other following one aftermath and analysis , we are losing speed ; health issues where there are sometimes at stake at stake and death .
could the Commission present its position on the above-mentioned and similar projects throughout the EU ?
I would also like to share my fellow Members who had the opportunity today to congratulate the Irish people for being such a clear signal of our decision at a political level to continue the European integration process at a political level .
there is currently a lack of a consistent and coordinated EU strategy on EU external actions , and this has to be developed .
the European Commission often says to the Member States that they have to get public finance quickly .
the vote will take place on Tuesday , 24 March 2009 .
the Commission wants to be able to do tomorrow &apos;s draft directive on cross-border health services .
I am investigating in new technologies - industry generates problems , but the aid of new technologies will be able to resolve them .
also , the Estonian Congress - Estonia &apos;s temporary , democratic parliament - Regulation 11 March adopted a declaration on national recovery after 50 years of Soviet occupation .
the reports published on body scanners on body scanners in the Netherlands in the Netherlands .
it is far too premature to make any conclusions on the necessary changes .
when , at present , there are four working people in any over 65 per person , the figure is falling into the part of 2050 .
stronger to face global problems .
we do not agree with this approach , and also of several other issues of the report , such as the desire for the creation of a European coastguard which will follow a federalist attitude : the sovereignty of the Member States and the rights of their territorial waters and their territorial waters and economic zones .
growth demonstration that remains a strong inflation rate serves to Parliament in the eyes of European citizens .
I am also in favour of the idea that there should be quarterly reports on monitoring .
however , we must ensure that we act according to the results of the stress tests .
Commissioner Barnier is dealing with this issue .
at the moment of fishing communities , there are currently a difficult period that characterises fish stocks .
it also calls on the Lithuanian Government not to make more legislative changes to this matter and sexual orientation is among the protected reasons .
I support this report which proposes implementation of a new comprehensive political approach against gender-based violence , which includes the creation of a criminal legal instrument against gender violence ; the training of those officials facing cases of violence against women ; requirements for the Member States and investigate crimes associated with all forms of violence ; the requirements for financial support for non-governmental organisations supporting the victims of gender violence .
- ( CS ) I am something as someone who supports Turkey for the European Union &apos;s full member of the European Union , not a substitute or a partner of a certain kind of preferential partner , and I want to criticise ourselves a little of us .
- After the vote :
there is democracy in the EU , and we have democratic debates .
however , we should not make mistakes .
there are two important points that the European Parliament must be fundamental and supported by all the political groups .
and , of course , Sri Lanka needs to present a statement to obtain a procedure .
I welcome the work done by Mr Simpson , and , as he said , he has unanimous support from the committee , and a number of Members of the Commission is now here .
in the current time , increased protectionism and increased poverty , it is particularly important that we preserve open trade between Europe and the poorest countries of the world .
( EL ) Mr President , the Poznań and Copenhagen negotiations which will take place in the year &apos;s time must be successful .
this kind of taxation is currently affecting 18 000 farmers who lose 5.5 % of their sales revenue .
I hope you can give me a direct response to me to that question .
moreover , I would like to highlight the close connection between socio-economic disadvantage and children from an early child from the opportunities for education , since low-income families are likely to use much less than the services of early childhood education and care .
I am particularly pleased that , under three years ago , during the previous parliamentary composition , I submitted a report on a new strategy on an animal health , which was the principle that prevention is better than treatment .
what actions does the Council intend to do in response to the Council &apos;s response , and how such a situation resulted in ?
I would emphasise this because it must be clear that all our preparatory work on the strategic framework , which I have just described , is nothing when we do not offer the visible results in the region , which is why it will become an important strategy agenda during the preparatory works .
I thank the Presidency and the Members who made questions to the Commission .
( FI ) Mr President , eight years after setting targets , we can safely say that the EU does not achieve the objective of the EU .
I voted in favour of the European Union resolution and I would like to take the opportunity to reaffirm the need to adopt the Directive on freedom of information .
however , we are of the opinion that our armed forces &apos; capacity and security must not be undermined .
in order to help them again link back to the labour market , Denmark are allocated to Denmard EUR 7 512 359 .
we agree on all the objective , but we must have the opportunity to dispute the methods needed to achieve the objective , and when someone is debating the methods and wants to course with them , this does not necessarily mean that this person wants to make everything behind closed doors .
however , we must have the courage to acknowledge that political Islam , totalitarian Islam - not only Islamic countries , or some of these countries , but also terrorist organisations such as al-Qaeda and its associated movements - continues to require many victims throughout the world .
an essential precondition for the development of e-commerce is a swift broadband Internet .
I am very pleased that the European Parliament initiated the debate to mitigate the situation of precarious woman workers .
I regret that there has been a debate to some degree of language conflict , and I hope , and I hope , the European Parliament - that the Member States who do not want to participate in the current phase will be able to join at all times .
Europe has provided important financial support for the performance of the Ottawa Convention over the last few years .
however , the presence of justice and home affairs ministers in a Jewish clearance certification and the promotion of the demonstration of solidarity in the Portuguese media in the Portuguese media are lessons to other cases in Portugal and others .
the Netherlands gives its railways to EUR 15 cent and the United Kingdom cent of EUR 1 .
I would therefore ask Members to adopt a compromise No 11 , which has been mentioned by Commissioner Michel a moment ago , to adopt a healthy and not temptation to the temptation to make changes to the balance achieved .
I can only agree with that and stress that this reform should begin a recycling of things at the later level , that is , development policy .
the role of NATO has been mentioned in several speeches .
this regulation is therefore a solid signal on the real European transport and infrastructure policy .
the way in which the death penalty is particularly terrible .
this is a challenge facing us in the weeks of the coming weeks .
however , the quantities and no doubts are properly treated properly : only 33 % of electronic waste reporting , collection and handling in accordance with the directive &apos;s requirements .
finally , I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs with whom we had excellent cooperation , and colleagues from the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , who adopted by a large majority of this report .
several people have held Poland and England and their exceptions .
however , we need simpler , more clearer and transparent structures and better control over the Cohesion Fund to ensure sustainable and effective use of money .
in the world dependent on , the management of these problems can give the European Union an opportunity to play a leading role to bring about the global financial architecture and social responsibility and predictability .
the need for the European Union to have an effective response capability to obtain major disasters in the world , which caused me to vote in favour of this report .
one example of this is greater flexibility established in Article 7 of Article 7 of the eligibility criteria .
they received much more attention from the European public as a meeting themselves .
we must show that we have learnt anything about all these crises and take the new direction .
we need comprehensive protection in this area .
evidently , the European Union will not achieve a business plan , although , as every presidency , Opel calls for EUR 2.7 billion aid as State aid as State aid .
therefore , the right of the citizens &apos; initiative and now citizens can address the European Commission and call on the Commission to present a European Union legislative proposal .
I particularly welcome Mr Barroso , the second principle : justice and the recognition of the different starting points and investment opportunities in the Member States .
we also have good experience in the Temporary Committee on Haiti , in cooperation with all our partners in the Committee on Haiti , and it will certainly help speed up the process .
however , the number of new infected and unregistrated infected within the European Union will also be registered in the European Union .
more of these businesses would not have greater costs sustainable .
we must therefore help the scientific community to speed up their jobs and propose credible political forecasts as quickly as possible .
ideally , all limits of our rights should be compeded with better protection from the terrorist attacks .
I am pleased that there are on the table today , which includes a proposal for a resolution .
it will not be successful if unity is not in your own country .
in the area of European law , there should be no room for this type of position - these are opposed to our tradition of a Christian European tradition , and they express the principle of breathing of women &apos;s rights .
there are important differences in comparison with what has happened in Libya , where dialogue was replaced by a military aggression that has completely impossible for a peaceful resolution of the conflict .
the Germans identified the problem , they have spoken about this and introduce the necessary measures .
the second problem is project assessment , which does not include certain issues , including environmental impact analyses , and some side effects will later .
things have been postponed by 12 countries , including the United Kingdom .
none of the people of Lampedusa or Malta have not organised a boat for themselves .
visa-free travel is a very human friend-friendly .
in the case of both countries , a special cooperation mechanism that must not be made too difficult .
we need to support them and help .
and we will continue these negotiations and combating these negotiations so that he can be sure of us .
- ( CS ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the crisis in the milk production sector demonstrates that the whole regulatory system based on European quotas is flawed and inefficient .
this paves the way for further measures at international and global level .
it is not essential to build barriers or what measures , there is a need for a universal strategy and solidarity between European countries .
2 .
this first proposal is a good starting point .
developments in the Central Asian region , apart from the Kyrgyz Republic , are worrying for more than for one reason .
the European Social Fund should also comply with the European Social Fund throughout the European Union and should not just focus on specific regions .
I welcome the UN representative on behalf of Parliament .
however , I would like to underline the social aspect of this legislation concerning the rights of disability , especially the rights of people with dark or invaluable persons , and their right to benefit from free postal services .
China is one of the allies of Burma &apos;s dictators .
a long time ago , you talked at lengthy events in Brussels .
Mr President , which concludes the conflict of interests , you could explain to me whether dairy farms in the next milk report should be declarations of dairy farms from the conflict of interests and the vote ?
I believe that we must examine the examination of whether this is actually the case , because what we need is greater transparency .
however , these requirements should not be excessive because they can have a negative impact on the situation of those people who have come to the European Union legally and who have a current work .
let us now take this leading role in the transition to the energy supply and a new economy .
the objective of all the proposed and taken of the Commission has always been to end the isolation of Turkish community in order to facilitate the reunification of Cyprus in line with the Council &apos;s conclusions of April 2004 .
we can benefit from these relations , but it is also easy to damage them .
the time has shown that the European institutions are operating , especially with the Ecofin meeting yesterday , as well as regarding coordinated interest rates today .
the negotiations that have begun at the moment must reach a completion of the current parliamentary term .
in writing . - ( IT ) I would like to congratulate my colleague Canciann on his excellent work , thanks to which we were able to achieve a satisfactory and well-balanced compromise .
we discussed it with the political groups and coordinators and supported this amendment that is compatible with the content of the overall proposal .
a much more balanced outcome through these negotiations , meaning that , as a result , I supported the resolution .
the vote will be started .
I would like to see an open , free trade and flexible globalisation that is also reforming , inclusive and sustainable globalisation .
people expect the Commission that the Commission is about the EU Treaties to his entrusted tasks : the European Union &apos;s leadership of the European Union , the generator of the European Union .
as I said , having agreed in the joint strategy , in particular agenda and in specific mechanisms , discussed such important and topical issues such as climate change , integration , energy and immigration represents a clear step forward , our African relations with Africa .
however , there are two other issues that make me great concern .
the industrial sector provides opportunities for job creation and unique knowledge can contribute to the competitiveness of the European system .
European agricultural potential therefore weaker .
seventeen per cent of accidents are due to the lack of seats and some four per cent represent a red irregularity .
that is a problem that we could here here and further discussion today .
( it ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to add to those who today Ms Paliadeli for his excellent work .
we should not give reason to misguided holes or misunderstanding .
the report , however , gives the Member States the opportunity to transpose the directive at the time appropriate to prevent any problems that may lead to simplification of the rules .
indeed , this will turn out of the monitoring , without a targeted no longer .
all this , not to mention that the area of application concerns our lives in very important areas of increased sectors .
that is a completely opposite of the main objective of this proposal .
the next year a number of undeclared procedures that we were only indirectly aware , and then in 1997 , the Minister for Health Affairs suddenly established a ban and without consulting the manufacturer without consulting the manufacturer .
corrigendum ( Rule 204a ) : see Minutes
firstly , we did this , firstly because you use this politically to increase the powers of the Europe of Brussels , its institutions and numerous agencies which , however , continue to demonstrate its inefficiency .
the PPE Group does not accept Parliament to become a place where national political bills are getting with which we are also witnessing tomorrow if this debate is happening .
I also have a written statement on this issue .
regulation ( EC ) No 15959 / 2002 on common rules in the field of civil aviation and the establishment of the European Aviation Safety Agency , the adoption of a European Aviation Safety Agency was agreed to ensure that the best and uniform level of safety can only ensure that the competence of the European Aviation Safety Agency will be able to extend the competence of the European Aviation Safety Agency for third-country national air countries , the licensing of pilots and the safety of airlin
here there are clear advantages for patients , particularly for patients suffering rare or difficult diseases , since they are going to specialise their disease institutions .
this programme was part of the East as the West .
we are making priority areas relating to young people , education , mobility , training , research , competitiveness and innovation .
in writing . - We agreed with the proposal that the existing rules with regard to living animals , meat and import of meat products should remain in force until they are replaced by measures to be introduced in the new regulatory framework .
this year was not the reason for celebrating the International Workers Day , because 23 million unemployed unemployed in the European Union .
nevertheless , 10 Member States where product features are not protected today , the price of parts parts over 7 % higher than otherwise .
6 .
I heard how people spoke about capitalist barbarity .
parliamentary delegations to the different countries , different parts of the world must be associated with Parliament &apos;s technical committees .
the conclusion must be such that the quota system has not managed to guarantee the stability of the market .
that is the case , of course .
( EL ) Mr President , the next Council meeting has an important issue - the issue of enlargement .
Member of the Commission . - ( CS ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission is concerned about the high level of unemployment of young people in the Member States that was at the end of 2007 , around 2.7 % of around twice the overall unemployment rate .
I voted in favour of the report on the new 2011 draft budget because it enhances the financing of the areas set by the European Parliament as priorities of the European Parliament , education , innovation , competitiveness and cohesion for economic growth and employment , and the protection and management of natural resources .
the report by Mr Goernes , on behalf of the Committee on Development , on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1905 / 2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation - C7-0079 / 2010 .
too little attention has been given to stability at production level and to the preservation of adequate stocks in order to reduce the impact of the volatility of production as a result of climate change or other factors .
in writing . - I would like to congratulate and congratulate Greece in the Greens of my colleague , Michay Tremopoulos , that his report was adopted on transparency of regional policy and its funding .
the initiative will only be successful if it is easy to implement and if it is accessible to everyone .
nevertheless , some of the issues remained unresolved and the long-term closure of European airspace must be addressed in this new context .
the past paperwork will be replaced by all links in the fisheries chain ( i.e. fisheries , landing declarations and sales , except for ships whose drop is 10 metres .
the report calls on Member States to review adequate measures to ensure adequate income , because poverty must be created decent and lasting jobs .
( PL ) Mr President , the standards applied in Russia are completely different what is used in the European Union .
the dispute is not yet over , as we all know .
I do not think that military vessels sent to the Black Sea was the appropriate response , because some were supplied with rockets .
the tone of the report is obviously dictating and cooperative proposals are almost in full conditions for EU conditions , setting the EU &apos;s interests .
we need only political courage to do that ; for we have an opportunity and instrument .
if this amendment is rejected , then it should be the original text .
it would be much better to send it back to committee and that the new mandate would be a complete and thought-out report .
I would also say to Mr Wurtzw : employment and growth , which has a direct impact on the actual economy , is under threat to the crisis .
it should be considered that the serious challenges facing this cooperation in areas of global sustainability such as poverty , climate change , biodiversity , HIV / AIDS , infectious diseases , energy , clean , clean challenges - this list seems to be endless .
we want a real far-reaching restructuring in order to become a successful company that could compete for the EU and the world &apos;s shipbuilding markets .
I am very glad of your support for the financing of the European school milk programme and extending financing for other products .
with regard to these countries , I welcome the involvement of previous previous previous previous provisions , although I must point out that they may not be adequate and , in such cases , additional measures need to be taken .
I do not create any certainty , even though I am convinced as you , Mr President , that we need to continue to involve Russia , but I do not think that we should make a feeling , as we have happened - I am sure that I am not doing this - and continue in our unusual manner .
preventive measures are a key point , especially from the point of view of climate change , and I hope that we will be able to persuade ourselves that this is reality and not just a slogan .
concerns Amendments 81 , 81 and 12 :
however , the EU should not deal with foreign policy , and that is why we voted against the resolution .
so far , only 1 % of the EU budget has been allocated to this sector , but it is not enough to deal with the difficult challenges facing Europe .
the European Union needs a new Solidarity Fund more than ever .
in the case of the Philippines , there is a humanitarian dimension , but it has a clear political dimension , and both are basic if we want to make progress in peace talks .
why is Hezbolland its still introduced into the EU &apos;s list of terrorist organisations ?
it is true that this process launched at the European Council meeting in Nice Chrico Chiracy , agreeing for the first time to link France from Germany in conflict with the character of the agreements .
of course , it is of course that we should be able to export our products to these countries .
however , the total type-approval directive , I know how much work does .
I also agree with the need to make a series of improvements in the area of auditing and budgetary management , in order to reduce the transfer and level of cancellation that is still high .
a fair and public trial must be guaranteed in accordance with international standards .
the own-initiative report pursues the objective of accessing 15 million work for 2015 and making the website available to all and all of the languages of the European Union .
I wish you every success in your work .
I sincerely hope that this agreement will help to strengthen the relations between the EU and Moldova , which was the objective of the Treaty , and , above all , to strengthen the human dimension of the European Neighbourhood Policy , in other words , to converge the people that we all learn more and better , because it is precisely what strengthens the European spirit and understanding .
as you just said just now , you travel a great deal of circulation in Sweden and in Europe .
if we seriously consider a fundamental consideration of the CAP reform , any reform programme must have land decommissioning payments .
he was arrested for participation in the demonstrations , he was banned , he was sent to reproduction camp , and now it imprisoned his freedom of expression ; the Chinese authorities are calling the criminals of Liu Xiaobo , when the rest of the world recognises him for his peace activities .
the Commission is prepared to support the implementation process , including on financial matters .
now it is not the first time in history when the law must cope with a difficult task .
it is therefore necessary to adapt the Maastricht criteria for the current climate and economic conditions characterised by greater cyclical movements .
the EU budget for 2012 should , in particular , promote growth and high-quality employment and contribute to the implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy .
there are more than one third of the EU &apos;s public investments and the use of Structural Funds are increasingly focused on growth and employment objectives .
1. as a result of additional expenditure of additional rights , ticket prices are permanently rising for all passengers ;
all the issues concerning Russia are concerned with what relations with this neighbour we want to rebuild type of neighbour to build on which type of dialogue we want to encourage Russia to fulfil their responsibilities and to expect his responsibility and how we can direct attitudes towards international law that would be more consistent with international law .
realistically speaking , it will not be possible before the start of the 2010 school year .
moreover , the ECB &apos;s active and flexible financial policy , an increase in the systems of liquid means on credit institutions have played an important role in keeping European banks .
we are sure that the Commission will be able to implement its new powers that the Council and Parliament gave him .
much remains to be done , and there are many different reasons for our problems .
we explained to Commissioner Špidla , who is responsible in the employment and social area that these judgments are not questioning fundamental rights such as the right to strike , the right to belong and some differences in the mechanisms of our countries .
the agreement was also reached to the developing countries within the next three years from EUR 7.7 trillion .
this compromise package has been removed from these dangers and hopefully result in a better consumption environment throughout the European Union .
a further threat to Wales may be proposed for renationalisation of resources from the Structural Funds , which means Britain &apos;s right to subsidies could be underestimated .
Europe is one dream , or rather a vision : developing energy for the future both in Europe and outside Europe ; a vision of renewable energy will play a major role in this century , helping to prevent conflicts in existing oil and gas supplies , alleviating climate change and ensure access to energy for billions of people who have been left out of it .
given the increase in rising oil prices and the damage to the environment , we know that the EU must now strive for a more sustainable society , by becoming more energy-efficient , using more renewable energies by investing public transport and ensuring that our children would live in clean and across the environment .
it is unacceptable that the Hungarian invasion , Romania &apos;s military occupation and the plundering of the country in November is interpreted in the area of stabilisation of the region , which is organised here in Brussels , a European centre under the auspices of the Members of the European Parliament .
subject : the Commission &apos;s measures to animate the environment that will fuel companies to invest in research and encouraging the banks that financing investments
while regulation is necessary in some sectors , I personally prefer transparency and information obligation .
we can now leave the institutional questions to a certain degree and focus on important political issues that the citizens of Europe - because they are , of course , the citizens of the European citizens whom we are all fighting .
in writing . - There are many funds available in the EU that have been made available to citizens and for other entities .
when will we wait for a standardisation which provides the maximum noise level of noise levels for toys ?
firstly , the report recognises the importance of the Water Framework Directive .
over the last few days , we have started to understand better what the PPE-DE will mean .
it is clear that our influence outside the European Union and its Member States depending on the stress test of the Member States as to whether we can jointly organise it in Europe .
one example is women of those third countries where divorce does not recognise , but who live in divorce or separation in the European Union .
it is clear that in a few years , we cannot rely on the same effort in those who have to reduce their major industrial base , as is the Union and in developing countries .
passengers are victims of the current situation and if they are not provided without an alternative solution , then they should not also bear financial costs .
it is certainly remindered that in the context of addressing the migration flow of migratory flows , the posting of immigration liaison officers can result in a number of challenges from the perspective of fundamental rights , in particular , to the right of people , including their country , and the right of asylum applicants and find protection from persecution .
I would like to ask all my colleagues and Members of the Council and Members of Parliament to adopt measures to provide Lebanon immediately .
as you know , the Lisbon Treaty campaigns in Ireland , and we hope that there will be a positive outcome on 2 October .
how can we , for example , be pleased with the position whereby encouraging legal immigration , mainly through the use of the European work permit , would substantively reduce the level of illegal immigration through the work permitted by European immigrants ?
development aid does not provide for such cooperation , but some Members want to use the legal basis which would put us funding from the development assistance budget , even though it is what we are trying to avoid this report .
I understand that Europe must take a critical eye on its current economic and financial stability programmes in order to move together a stronger , more stronger economy which will use their potential for the great power of the world economy .
the outcome of the deregulation of the last few years are often work that mandatory social insurance replaces working conditions which are atypical and uncertain .
I am afraid that the outcome is not appropriate .
this should be considerably speeding up the practical introduction of hydrogen elements , but hydrogen should not be widely used in &apos; traditional systems &apos; , in other words in internal combustion engines , because I do not make sense .
now it is the procedures of European governments to investigate their budgetary opportunities in order to adopt and approve this amendment .
this is not a Commissioner , but they need to be treated equally by their customers .
nevertheless , I fear that the radical change that some will allow some of its review , simply end unexploited as an opportunity for our fisheries and for fisheries resources .
on 19 January , the European Parliament adopted EU legislation on patients &apos; rights in cross-border healthcare .
perhaps it is right to reflect on the steps which has been changed from specific countries outside Europe .
the decision-making and financial guarantee Directives are working well and have extensive support in the market .
the development of human and reasonable immigration policy is extremely important for society in the coming years , but it can only be done at EU level in order to prevent the impact of elections and sudden reactions .
the debate is closed .
in recent times , natural disasters have certainly had a natural disaster .
landfillding labels are the source of various toxic substances , and biological purification plants do not be able to clear the waste from landfill because also bacteria will be poisoned .
finally , the problem of a bilateral and mainly political Nord Stream project should also be resolved , taking into account the legitimate interests of all the countries around the Baltic Sea and certainly not before the Russian Government will join the Espoo convention .
there is consensus in terms of the European economic coordination and most of these steps are completely in line with the proposals made in our communication of 12 May .
I would like to conclude by answering Mr Howittin .
it has been made to make progress in the adoption of a whole Community acquis and providing reliable structures and good practices for public authorities , but the aim has not yet been achieved .
Pakistan will certainly be felt in Pakistan .
we also call on the Commission to promote the EU &apos;s competitive interests and , above all , the competitive advantage of the EU &apos;s quality agricultural and food products and ensure that its partners geographically through bilateral trade agreements and within the framework of the ACTA and WHO .
I would also like to thank my fellow Members from the Committee on Regional Development from the Committee on Regional Development that the amendments tabled by the Commission , on which I am a member .
I believe that , thanks to education and constant training , many young people in Europe can find a well-paid work that meets their vocational training or relocation .
is the Commission that the recent public debate on Changing Europe needs budgetary reform reflects the view of the majority of European citizens ? &apos; one message &apos; collected &apos; of hundreds of voters &apos; , is actually reflecting the opinion of the European Union ?
2 .
the European City Guide is one of the main sources of complaints that have been sent in 10 years in this House .
in a globalised world , Europe requires a constant success that we can manage effectively to all three issues .
we do not know what will happen from now until 2020 and I therefore support this report .
on behalf of the Environment Committee , I would like to begin by regretting that the Swedish Presidency decided to adopt a recommendation of Parliament &apos;s report .
I would like to say the following .
EU policy is to punish Belarus and Belarusians from actions of their government did not achieve the intended results .
if there is not much to be used if the European Fisheries Fund is used , it needs to be revised and reforming .
the Serbian authorities must make every effort to ensure that the principles of the rule of law and democracy in the country are properly observed , and monitor that corruption in Serbia constantly result in a constant sentence in Serbia .
in my view , we should monitor what is going on in Belarus , because this issue concerns the whole of Europe .
however , I am happy to note that all the parties involved it is right and necessary and technical solutions to ensure the traceability of medicines .
first , I was in Washington and New York , which was the right step towards creating our important relations with the United States and the UN .
Commissioner , I believe that we are in agreement on this .
that is why the Greens now have a problem .
there is no need to put the truth about the truth .
Mr President , we have just been able to know that Umaru Yar Yauxad has died .
this has allowed the people operating on the ground and organisations to address the problems and communities at local level .
at the same time , the Commission does not share the position on the rules contained in the current framework decision , because it has a resulting influence in the light of new offences .
Europe is our home .
it has been proven that this is possible and has also been done .
since mobility is a matter that has often been talked about , it would have been a good idea to give them a message to them a lot of shorter than 250 kilometres of travellers .
although it has been able to understand that the proposed legislative framework is to facilitate the establishment of these infrastructures , experience has shown that we generally receive more developed countries .
the current Sweden Presidency has launched considerable work to ensure unity in the EU &apos;s maritime policy and to ensure the connection between the Community &apos;s activities and the second pillar , particularly between the work carried out by the European Defence Agency .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , it is rightly mentioned that the aim of this proposal is to establish a framework throughout the whole Community .
it is important that it is democratic after the results of the referendum , the negotiations are as transparent as possible in order to ensure the basis of the further development of both new countries , but also for the development of relations between the two countries and with the international community .
the draft directive , which will be presented in the near future to the European Parliament , must set out strict criminal measures at European level with regard to each person relating to this type of trade .
( DA ) Mr President , violence against women is a problem that exists throughout the world and , of course , there needs to be a position on this issue , both personal and political position .
they are adequate preconditions for the creation of market components in the region .
by this I mean mistakes made by Germany who refused the Commission &apos;s aid and attempting to resolve the crisis alone .
you , the Germans , have rejected a minimum wage .
in this context , the Commission will closely monitor the Greek authorities to achieve the Greek authorities to achieve the 2010 budget targets on 3 March 2010 and the additional implementation of additional budget measures adopted on 5 March 2010 .
one example of Romanian Hungarians , whom I am represented .
but I would not stand about something , because you are prepared to push the constitution without asking anyone .
( PL ) Mr President , if the protection of biodiversity is a priority for the European Commission , cloning should not discuss the issue at all .
this is not simply a question of ethics , but with one political strategy .
I believe that it will be a great many .
we have two very good reports that will enable us to deepen the debate for us at a critical moment for the euro area .
some of us women and men is a necessary instrument for women and men , and we therefore believe that the European Union should follow the example of Norway who apply measures to increase women &apos;s management of national companies to at least 40 % , and using the rules to establish a 40 % for women in private companies .
imagine what it can be spent on hospitals , doctors and teachers in relation to developing countries .
we are currently urging Russia to respect the commitments it has taken in the context of the Council of Europe , the United Nations of the United Nations and the OSCE in relation to free and fair elections , and to cooperate well in order to ensure appropriate monitoring .
I would therefore like to ask the Commission challenge : the instruments of the Solidarity Fund must be increased and given more resources , and EU assistance must also focus on climate issues .
today , the European Parliament adopted a resolution on trade relations between the European Union and Japan .
in Bosnia and Herzegovina , the year 2010 elections .
given the CAP &apos;s great importance for the governments and citizens of the European Union , I would argue that it should be as simple and clear as possible in terms of implementation and current rules .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see Minutes )
the Commission made a more ambitious , but equally realistic proposal for a limit of 135 g / km .
however , now that the security forces in Turkey was arrested by four members of the European Parliament and the European Parliament bishops in the European Union , they are obviously doubting themselves .
we do not understand how this issue will be able to create discussions and doubts in the Council , and to question the Union &apos;s competences if the agreement is clearly stating that this is an area that is also responsible for which the EU is responsible for .
in my opinion , it is not yet turned on turning to the situation , but to do we - you , Mr President , and the new European Commission - without delay immediately .
( ES ) First of all , I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs on these excellent reports , but I mainly focus on Mrs Lefrançois &apos; report .
show me where it has really saved the money of citizens , not going more on them .
this sector must be promoted because it contributes to development and productivity .
it is important to discuss the possibility of financing infrastructure projects , such as European bonds , as well as a possible solution to European carbon taxes , so that we can go to sustainable production in Europe .
( applause )
thank you for listening .
we must insist that the large number of Member States that produce a very little part of their energy in using renewable energy sources should eliminate this difference .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
with regard to the concept , there is a consensus that has been developed for many years in many meetings .
Member of the Commission . - ( FR ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to welcome the work of Parliament with regard to the proposal to amend the establishment of a European Training Foundation , particularly I would like to thank the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs and the rapporteur , Mr Lehideux .
the Swedish prosecutor published the decommendation of Julian Assange in the Swedish legal system , the Schengen system and in the International Schengen and , on that basis , the European Arrest Warrant was issued .
in writing . - ( PL ) With the background of the debate on the outbreak of the EHEC outbreak in the Member States , I would like to draw attention to the fact that borders have been closed as a result of the decisions made by the EU and non-EU countries , which aims to protect the market for the influx of vegetables from countries where the supposed source of infection is .
as we founded the European Union to finally support our common values , democracy , peace and freedom - it is our duty to intervene .
I hope that the accession negotiations will start in the near future and that the European Council will confirm within the framework of the March Summit to accept the Commission &apos;s recommendation to start negotiations .
on behalf of the ECR Group . - Mr President , may I start by saying that I was not convinced of what the Commissioner said today .
however , its rules should be applied to the functioning of the single market and cross-border trade , not on issues relating to the economy of a Member State .
however , I must say to Mr Kallas to say that I would be much happier if he had already taken steps to ensure that the European Commission complies with the rules of the Financial Regulation , which came into force on 1 January 2007 , particularly in terms of setting the various Community beneficiaries of support .
consumer organisations work a lot of work in the interests of energy consumers , especially vulnerable consumers .
I should like now , Mr President , that the moderate nature and temperature is always , but moderate in the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms , especially the freedom of expression , is always cowardly weak and always as representatives of the people of the European Union , as representatives of the European Union , as representatives of the European Union , we cannot allow ourselves in this way .
while the gender approach of the Community Directives on health and safety approaches is neutral is not enough that the work-related risks to women &apos;s health and safety is underestimated and ignored compared to the health and security of men that are prevented and investigated .
the European Union &apos;s policy is characterised by two key elements : firstly , the deeply rooted inequality which is the feature of the capitalist method and , secondly , that Community funds are not distributed in view of the needs of grassroots needs , in order to increase the capital of monopoly partnerships through public-private partnerships .
this is a headline battle .
we have been able to combine social democratic issues in the report .
we know that we can also go to others that lead to solidarity and justice and society that are intended for all our citizens .
the EU &apos;s reaction should not be limited to detained intervention programmes , but beginning much early as regards tackling these materials , their proper maintenance , limited access and control .
as was mentioned , the regulation has been implemented more than 30 years and its provisions are quite often amended in accordance with Member States &apos; laws .
I believe that a horizontal instrument contains many useful references to the modernisation of the acquis communautaire .
the EU must reduce its current dependency on the Gulf countries .
this is a Commission to which the internal market is a major internal market if protecting the ordinary worker &apos;s interests .
1 % .
sanctions that do not affect the citizens of the country , but its leaders .
I would like to point out that there was a serious danger that this directive , this document back on the agreement procedure .
if the vote will be voted out , then occasionally happens , and only from time to time , whether because of the fact that Members of Parliament do not raise or because there is confusion , the President will make a mistake in evaluating the results of the vote .
the Treaty does not recognise other ethnic groups .
I will adopt the position of the first reading , taking over the Commission &apos;s proposal .
finally , as regards foreign policy , we do not accept that a European neighbourhood policy as a European neighbourhood policy in countries where point 2 of the association agreements will not be implemented .
( NL ) Madam President , the fact that the Commissioner for Entrepreneurship and industry is present , but not a Commissioner for Competition .
the situation seems rather hopelessly , but we certainly do not gain from opposition to business or particularly technology : it must be avoided , because it can be extremely dangerous .
this will require progressive governance and combination of innovative financial instruments .
I heard today that an ageing population will , together with climate change , is one of the greatest challenges for the 21st century .
the approved text calls for the implementation and responsibility of the recommendations in the Goldstone report and the responsibility of international law , including the alleged war crimes .
we are very concerned because the emergency situation has severely threatened the strengthening of democratic institutions and the rebuilding of a more comprehensive democratic process .
the proposed amendment will allow closer cooperation between Frontex and immigration liaison offering networks , which will improve an exchange of information through a between a safe II platform and ensures proper information by the Council and Parliament from the activities of these networks .
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of the new changes to this regulation , given that the citizens of third countries have been problems with the restrictions on freedom of movement with long-stay visas .
a specific European response to this crisis for the outermost regions ...
firstly , I am delighted that the Foreign Minister Carl Bildt highlighted the most important message of the Gabriel Albertini resolution , namely that the EU remains determined to continue the enlargement policy and trail as a more successful EU policy .
the EU must check it very carefully .
our group also supports your efforts to launch a new phase of the Lisbon Strategy effectively and to ensure a successful , fair and environmentally friendly future of Europe and the competitiveness of our economy , to make use of the possibility of globalisation .
we cannot expect visa applicants to bear the EU additional financial burdens .
Mr President , what Mr Rack has come out is an interesting idea .
if we do not want to alienate the public out of the European project , we need to listen to their willingness and to fulfil it .
on the eve of the elections of the Burmese elections , I believe that we can only achieve anything when coordinating our action with the larger countries of the Burmese - China , India , India , the US and with Russia .
it is extremely important to combat protectionism ; it is important to ensure that we support our industries to be able to compete in the future and trade .
on behalf of the UEN Group . - ( GA ) Mr President , I would like to say that I welcome this report ; in my opinion , the rapporteur has achieved a practical and comprehensive approach to discarding fishing at sea .
the report contains information and analysis of the effectiveness of the cohesion policy .
we believe that this is one of the most successful aspects of one of the EU &apos;s policy , provided that it is happening with compliance with strict criteria and that it would also remember the lessons of recent accessions .
the death penalty is often executed in Libya .
therefore , in practice , we need to implement measures that will help women to enter the labour market or to remain and improve family life , especially those which facilitate the finding of a work-life balance .
if it wants to be a global driving force in these areas , it needs resources .
we also have mentions , like a number of Members , a club which does not only accept the largest and most developed countries , but welcomes everyone who is ready and accepted by EU rules .
European Union patients must know how they can avoid falsified medicines .
what mechanisms must ensure that the statement is comprehensively reviewed before the asylum seeker is returned ?
but , Mr President , there was at least one way of resolving this dispute , and that is the vote .
the Dublin system has proved in practice a mechanism that promotes the EU &apos;s overall refugee policy .
anyone who wants plurality and political competition should ensure that the electoral requirements laid down by the Council of Europe and the Security and Cooperation of Security and Cooperation ( OSCE ) monitors the election in the early stage of the long term .
by the way , including the idea of my predecessor was my predecessor .
I understand - we all understand - that , when the gross national economy will reduce the contributions , but it should not , first of all , reduce the percentage of national gross national income and then to lower the contributions to the gross national income .
the long-term costs are increasing and much scientific research are still research .
do you know ?
with regard to the ongoing working time of on-call time , we maintaining care workers , but also of the health and safety of professionals of professionals and all European citizens &apos; health and safety of all European citizens .
both Members and their assistants must be linked to their country of origin .
Japan and his Canadian allies were prior to negotiating negotiations , friends to gain friends and to find the whole voices necessary to achieve the desired results , there are here to increase their influence .
the decision to conclude an agreement on cooperation between the Fundamental Rights and the Council of Europe , together with the establishment of this agency and the declaration of the Charter of Fundamental Rights , forms part of the European Union &apos;s efforts to secure their activities and role as a promoter of human rights both inside and outside the EU .
the specific and practical form of the strategy also affects the enormous plan of action procedures for the achievement of a low-carbon economy by 2050 and which are going to publish at the beginning of next year .
we have banned the natural rights of them to talk about how they should govern , and we have been ignoring the fact that they should receive a referendum .
I applaud the work done by the rapporteur and has certainly eliminated many of the concerns that we could have , but why we need this .
I consider it necessary to develop a comprehensive package of plans that contribute and encourage young intellectuals to return to the community and employment within the framework of the community and the endorsement of the community .
do you have made that impression ?
my political organisation has always supported the need to establish a tax on capital in the world , such as Tobin .
this article also creates a similar instrument and foundations from the Council of Ministers .
( HU ) Mr President , Commissioner , the most important point in the 2008 budget is cohesion policy .
therefore , on Wednesday , 16 February after additional proposals or amendments at 11.00 a.m.
I share the position of the Spanish Presidency : we are here to investigate the strategy that is Europe in the document proposed by the Commission and has become approval of the Council , which will place prosperity in our society in our society and promoting development .
this will ensure the Union &apos;s external relations , apart from the Common Foreign and Security Policy , and other institutions in the Treaties .
but stated that the situation in Bosnia is stabilised .
given that many public / private partnerships , in particular , the Joint Technology Initiatives , will begin within the framework of the European Community &apos;s Seventh Framework Programme for research , technological development and demonstration activities in the Seventh Framework Programme for Research , Technological Development and Development (
firstly , these small businesses cannot cause difficulties .
the Committee on Employment wants to extend these rights in such a way that they cover equal work and rest periods , while explaining the rights of workers to obtain social security benefits and tax incentives .
we are completely opposed to the EU &apos;s intention to facilitate the acquisition of prosperity , natural resources , natural resources and biodiversity in the region that will lead to exploitation of workers , unemployment raises millions of small families , destroys the environment , prevents progress and independence .
the two questions we have addressed , now the question to Commissioner Šemeta , which was in fact meant to Commissioner De Gucht .
hopefully , these principles will also be supported by the December European Council .
the Council &apos;s draft recommendation concerning the conclusion of a protocol that determines fishing quotas and financial support from the Comoros Union with a view to describing what role in the procedure of the Treaty review procedure should be the European Parliament .
most of these areas are living in the landscape that have been as a result of years &apos; human intervention .
I also believe that the University of Lapland in Rovaniem is the best place for the Arctic Information Centre .
first of all relates to the subject of competences .
Czech citizens complete increasingly frequently more frequently , that the representatives of the regional and local authorities are representative of the regional and local authorities - German police harasses them when they cross the Czech-German border as groups or private vehicles .
we have many operating companies that serve good profits from the credit crunch .
the language used in many of the documents is very often difficult to understand and understandable to ordinary citizens .
however , because I cannot prevent EU citizens to use exotic and tropical timber , it is important that these agreements are adopted .
in writing . - ( PT ) Commissioner Reding presented to the House in this debate not to use the European institutions to resolve the problems that should be resolved at national level , as laid down in our Treaties .
this need , unfortunately , both for the possibilities of Afghanistan and other health .
it would be very useful that the debate is taking place now , but we do not want a resolution , because it would be either by hastening or published too late .
incidentally , Commissioner , I am sorry to know and assume that you will hear this for the first time that Budapest cabable packages have given up the English capacity of Europews and instead provide greater demand for Chinese television as well as Euronest , given that the latter does not demonstrate in Hungarian , with a considerable number of Chinese in our country .
today we are already aware of the European Parliament that many countries reach the relevant legislation to adopt then .
the most important aspect of the report is that it highlights and constitutes a clear conviction that Brussels is for Brussels to identify priority questions and expenditure in the areas that are and should obviously be a Member State competence , because everyone has the right to decide on their own priorities .
our leaders in Europe have gone wrong : support for immigration is not a method for reducing poverty or to a reduction of poverty or a bip .
we note with satisfaction that Articles 5 and 6 would continue to look at the Commission &apos;s mandate to review investment agreements and , if such agreements would create major problems , reject its permit .
as a result of the economic and financial crisis , the main concern of European citizens are feared to abolish work .
as with each potential candidate country , the conditions will also be presented to Serbia , to join the community of values , and for that reason I would like to thank the rapporteur not only for the report , but also for these conditions clearly submitted in their speech .
according to the EU &apos;s exclusive water fleets , the Union &apos;s exclusive competence on biological resources applies to fishing EU fleets .
I think it is important that the best practice and long-term tradition of Finland can also continue following the adoption of the new directive .
the key words must be focused and flexibility .
as European Parliament &apos;s mediators of different nationality , I am convinced that the proposal for a regulation will help to achieve peaceful solutions in the interests of children by defining parental commitments to children and setting the conditions that are best protected by the well-being of children .
in essence , the existence of this solidarity policy would result .
I do not believe that we can formulate a common European protection or security policy .
thank you .
Turkey is a great friend of a dictator here in Ahmadinejad .
can the Council comment on Member States &apos; progress in preventing the storage of biometric waste in accordance with the landfill directives ( 1999 / 31 / EC ) ?
nevertheless , I would like to point out that , in the case of this regulation and others , it is crucial that it would be proper implementation and monitoring .
then the objectives proposed now would be sensible .
the document which we are discussing today is in line with these criteria .
today I would support the decision of the voters in Ireland , despite our respect for the decision , the ratification process today and its completion .
these are likely to be many economic refugees and we must allocate them of real refugees .
as a result of Ecolabel Mr Enger , which we in Germany cannot ultimately have a question of personal priority , but reduced to the consumer which specific characteristics are product .
that is why I have tabled an amendment on this issue .
hopefully , in 2011 , we will see that there will be greater commitment to resolving the problem of dangerous toys offered in the European market .
indeed , Denmark , which was able to speak of liberation , but as a sovereign country also tried to conclude a contract in order to participate in certain aspects of cooperation , it is now obliged to ask the Commission to conclude such new international agreements with others .
however , it is not easy to adopt EU funds allocated to the closure of the reactor .
I am pleased that there is a broad consensus between Parliament and the Council that there is a consensus on the importance of both the importance and necessity of both need , and on resources that need to be made available .
since the European Parliament is co-legislator in this area , it has a major role to play in the future .
I consider the collection of data on housing , based on the Laeken European Council contradictory .
unfortunately , illegal trade is reality today and is increasing in all Member States .
I voted against the draft resolution because it is harmful and does not comply with European standards .
I will try to win the confidence of me who did not give my vote .
we hope that work on this proposal will reach the end of the summer .
nevertheless , the majority of this Parliament has given a blank check to the Commission , identifying only unclear restrictions , such as &apos; proportionality &apos; and &apos; reciprocity &apos; .
please do not make that mistake , because we are united in sensitive issues relating to human health .
ITER should not give to the euro .
I welcome the integrated programme for the dissemination of European audiovisual works throughout the world , as a European market is fragmented compared to the US audiovisual industry .
( FR ) There had a great deal of freedom fighters .
they are the most easier .
for instance , the largest US ambassador in Africa is in Kampala ; under Uganda and Rwanda , nothing will be approved in the United States .
this brings a great deal of work for customs officials , and it is a perfect gift to them .
I have spoken with Commissioner Frattini after the meeting of 14 January and I met him again two weeks ago when he said that they have given the services to deliver .
at the same time , additional processors will add to their large profit margins that they have accustomed to date , the sale process .
the agreement with full-time jobs - the agreement with full-time jobs , the increase in the number has been quite slow , while there has been a massive increase in part-time work , seasonal work and work on supply contracts .
the third basic problem that should be addressed is the internal market .
we therefore continue with preparations for the summit .
consideration should be considered whether the EU should extend its responsibilities and play a more effective role in achieving common objectives ( participation in a common dialogue , deciding on common measures and coordination and etc ) according to the agreement between the EU and the OSCE .
does the Commission consider the arguments of the Belgian courts as a guiding point for its immobile communication on the rates of mobile decommissioning ?
I agree with the opinion presented in the resolution that in order to prevent the exclusion of Kosovo Serbs , their participation is essential in the elections .
if not , we very much hope that the problem you will raise handles and also a solution to all the parties to achieve a satisfactory solution to achieve a satisfactory solution .
at the beginning of that hundred , Europe fighting illiteracy ; all Europeans caused to read and write all Europeans .
I would like to ask the Presidency of the European Parliament - not of you , but actually from the Presidency - whether we have a mediator whether the United States will speak through with the European Union or whether they speak with certain Member States with certain Member States .
the measures adopted to promote the knowledge of the knowledge in very different areas indicate that more and more needs to move towards dissemination of innovation and implementation in our day-to-day life .
it is good to create a positive atmosphere at the conciliation meeting in November as well as in the conciliation meeting in November .
the high interest rates in the Greek Government are not the result of monetary factors , but merely a risk of risk concerns about the sustainability of loans .
supervision and the prevention and resolution of conflicts should also include Belarus and Ukraine .
I do not apologise for that , and I would also not apologise for this Parliament , which I consider to be credible for the 21st century free trade agreement that is highly beneficial to the economy of the European Union .
the two-prong strategy to force the demonstrations of opposition violence and at the same time allowing a few small reform without making real political changes - as we know - deteriorating the situation in all three countries .
therefore , the oral question to the proposal to refresh the debate and come up with new solutions and to implement those laws that already exist , which should help the Roma communities .
we should be enthusiastic about what has been achieved in these countries and which is going well , but at the same time we must express very clearly what is needed .
the ECB is one of the leading institutions that need to answer these challenges .
the aim is in fact 1 January 2010 to receive visa liberalisation for the citizens of Macedonia , Serbia and Montenegro .
I was responded that the territorial water in the United Kingdom is not possible .
in this context , I would simply like to remind you of you our objective of guaranteeing the carbon concentration of 450 mpps in order to ensure that temperature would rise to 2 ° C .
this is contrary to the practice so far and the internationally guaranteed rights of minorities .
in order to support the sustainable development of European aquaculture and support production , the EU has adopted legislation on health and food safety in the EU .
it will also be improved and extended to support the establishment of new teachers .
Member of the Commission . - An analysis of the seventh Framework Programme guarantees the protection and ethical principles of fundamental rights .
in the debate on the social package , we spoke about the lack of the necessary instruments to apply the principle of equal pay for work and reduce the pay gap between men and women .
it most certainly means that there is a need to come back to quantities and size , but not to consider armistical reduction .
honourable Members , Iraq has taken a positive direction .
indeed , in a sector such as air transport , a public service supported by the European Union .
these are proportionate measures that always allow the right of mobility to continue , justice that can never refuse for economic reasons , because poverty cannot be a stigma or cause for discrimination against citizens .
once again , eight or nine hours of India is one of the other countries - that was a &apos; night flight &apos; - I mentioned a couple of two young people , one of whom was one or seven years and second very low .
that is a major problem .
the country should come to this elected route and make this particularly close partner of the European Union , who will hopefully succeed in prohibiting this barbary method .
( NL ) Mr President , it is difficult to get the stalemate in relations between the European Union and Belarus .
on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , I would like to say that , anyway , we still support the objective of introducing a common EU asylum system by 2012 .
so let us simple , let us keep , but let us not destroy the Solidarity Fund .
finally , I would like to express much respect for all the Iranian men and women who risk so much , the various emergencies are involved in order to demand detention from the rights to which they are under the constitution of the Iranian constitution .
Article 26 ( 2 ) of the French Republic &apos;s Constitution , provides the same .
in conclusion , I would like to stress one thing - do not forget transparency and better exchange of information with all the European institutions .
I support the proposal to create the database of all spatial data , remote services and accompassion projects and to consolidate existing spatic data infrastructure and websites .
the gas market is only on competition when consumers have complete information concerning the amount of natural gas consumption and the opportunity to exchange suppliers .
we are therefore in favour of adopting a resolution after this debate .
financial stability measures should be applied for systemic banks at EU level as well as financial stability measures .
our decisions on the environment , services , immigration and social insurance and many other issues affect the line of our fellow citizens , who are often the least preferred situation .
however , there are also compromise willingness in certain areas .
there is always at risk of simplification and to address the characteristics of &apos; women &apos;s scientists &apos; or to create absolute standards for measuring researchers &apos; achievements .
I would , of course , like to call on the Commission to negotiate the Chinese RAPEX system for an early warning system with other countries such as India , Vietnam , Russia or Turkey , so that dangerous or counterfeit products before entry European countries .
this has to stop .
in the medium term , it is not enough to control the financial markets in the medium term .
it does not mean that we should immediately return to support policies because it can have a negative impact on the economy in the long term .
of course , this is a mistake .
the issue of own resources is Article 311 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU .
this is a mistaken view .
I would therefore like to thank Commissioner Barnier who has given us value information on this issue .
we appreciate that very much .
this means that the ceiling of financial assistance to the EU Member States , which do not belong to the euro area and who have difficulties of their balance of payments , have increased EUR 12 billion to EUR 25 billion .
finally , I believe that recent events in Bahrain force us to build on respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms in relations between the Union and the Cooperation Council .
therefore , I stress my commitment to the establishment of a European security and defence policy , which has a real autonomy .
therefore , it is already said that the &apos; Safer Internet &apos; programme has been a very positive impact .
Article 33 of the Financial Regulation states that Member States should name beneficiaries at a later date .
I have been told that if the original directive was discussed in the 1990s , the very serious concerns and discussions were very emotional .
that is why I , together with the Group of the Group , have voted for environmental taxes at EU level , albeit , as usual , I defended the independence of the European Central Bank for their repeated attacks .
this is consequently the question of whether binding European legislation is binding .
for me , Islamic is other than the misguided ideology and dictatorship of the 20th century .
Mr Lukashenko , the European last dictator , is milicipalising our political opponents and makes them imprisoned in prison .
we hope that , now that you have given freedom and new life , you will find the land of birth in France , which is an important Member State of the European Union and the Presidency in the semester , and that you find ourselves that you find ourselves .
the Hungarian Socialist Government of the Hungarian term set up a weak situation of the Hungarian economy , since any public investment or public procurement was not free of corruption , whether the motorways , capital , parking , health , national financing or EU procurements .
I would like to hear the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy here , and I would like to see that we are not only calling for the sanctions against Iran , but also when we apply such sanctions .
we need to realise that we want to improve the system , so that the number of accidents would reduce the year and the consequences of these accidents become increasingly serious .
the debate is closed .
worse - the agreement on which I consider that the European Council does not respect the guidelines of the European Council , nor the European Union strategy for the outermost regions in which the outermost regions are explicitly mentioned that the outermost regions are needed to regional integration in the framework of Cariforum and that there is a need to create a regional market , with the aim of achieving a general development of the region .
this proves that newcomers are able to follow , not only follow , but also to manage .
the environmental inspection is very important .
I am therefore opposed to the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development to the Committee on Agriculture and the proposal that fruit should come from the EU .
mortality rates among people who are waiting for a heart , livestock or lung transplant , usually , among people who are waiting for a lung transplant .
this is not only with resources , but the time it is also the only thing that local sells selling .
development of a civil dialogue on the basis of the Lisbon Treaty (
there is completely lack of legislation aimed at discovering and preventing recruitment in prisons or certain &apos; sensitive &apos; substances .
the Union now consists of a large number of Member States .
we are giving rights by sharing these temporary residence permits until the situation is calm and transform these permits for trans-European pan-European .
the expansion of violence in the areas of Mexico , in the areas of Mexico , in the areas of the United States , particularly Ciudad Judes is deeply worrying .
the European Commission should make heads and withdraw this proposal immediately .
despite the volcanic ash centres in London and Toulouse , which falls with the international centre of Neighbourhood and London created by ICAO , which issues a special centre issued by volcanic ash clouds , we need to improve the European infrastructure , by mobilising the volcanic ash concentration of the concentrations of a volcanic ash concentration .
as has already been said , the Stockholm Summit will pay most attention to the areas in which we have common interests , such as climate change and energy and the global economic crisis .
the sharp volatility of food prices is detrimental to farmers , consumers and even healthy economies .
I reject - as the ECR Group has done this most draft , which would be an awful violation of personal rights , and I invite Presidenni Musmissivendo to ban it .
Mr President , I think that in the current economic climate , we can do everything in our power to protect those members of society who want to contribute to our economy .
I would also like to say that , following the Treaty of Lisbon , the human rights situation has changed .
the death penalties are against the international commitments of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
as is well known , the Commission has dealt with Greek statistics over several years .
the decision to leave the Armenian genocide out of the new resolution is a backward step and it cannot be supported .
it is very important that we create greater transparency in the contractual information and information papers , and standardised information that many previous speakers have already mentioned .
- ( DE ) Madam President , until the most bloodless month for foreign fighters for foreign fighters , since the Taliban regime , overthrowing the Taliban regime in 2001 .
it is important that Latvia does not remain in this situation alone .
this resolution is , of course , an expression of this commitment .
the transaction activist was activist that this will and also follow up on 9 and 10 August .
I regret the fact that the preparation of the text has been as difficult and difficult , despite the fact that we all have a common central objective .
in turn , the Council of Transport Ministers yesterday adopted a very clear position , calling on Member States to do everything we can to make available alternative transport opportunities available to the public to resolve this extremely serious situation that affects the mobility of the citizens of the European Union and also of other citizens &apos; mobility .
now is the tired of tired of President Ouattara &apos;s republict of President Ouattara &apos;s republict attacks on Abidjan .
the violence in Guinea receded a global condemnation .
I am voting for this proposal because it recommends strengthening the role of the EU in the multilateral system .
therefore , this will not only apply to the reform , but also on implementation of the existing legislation .
since we are a small nuclear point , we are used that our country &apos;s nuclear power stations are made more international tests as increased countries .
now , how many of the Member States of the European Union , including the euro area countries , is in this unsustainable situation , we cannot simply reverse the situation and make it as short as possible , while ignoring the difficult economic environment surrounding us .
the European Union has a right and duty to take preventive measures and organise mediation missions , because the EU represents a project for peace which has been carried out for the last 50 years .
on the contrary , trade policy and agricultural policy can support one another and even they must do so .
what steps you intend to do , Commissioner , to take in the near future to make this information more accessible to the people ?
finally , the fact that Turkey is represented in the G20 shows the importance of this country and the geostrategic role that this country could play in the Union .
therefore , by adopting a directive that does not cause a reduction and conduct cosmetic corpser , it will certainly send a poor signal regarding the general administrative burden that we have been talking about .
the projects covered by the International Fund in the Irish Fund are already improving what is happening within the EU Programme .
I would ask you to satisfy you to request a roll-call request because something is wrong in technical aspects .
however , as the Commission has just stated , we still do not have these new vaccines , because surveys are still in preferential phases and we are only just attempting to their effectiveness .
the objective of full employment , Europe &apos;s social and economic model will be a sustainable social market economy and sets out fundamental social rights .
the main issue is that the enforcement of the judgments of the European Court of Justice should eliminate the causes that are leading to violations of human rights .
I reiterate on behalf of the European Parliament , on behalf of the European Parliament , to respect freedom of religion and stop the violence prompted by religion on this world .
thank you for listening .
we in the European Parliament and in the Commission must shape this policy together and transparently as possible .
it is important that Europe is aiming to achieve a 20 % reduction in emissions by 2020 , which can fall by 30 % in achieving the international agreement .
in writing . - ( HU ) Looking back to the three years of convergence policy and seeing good achievements , but also the mistakes that must be improved , the European Parliament not only looks at the past , but also a future .
we are immediately investigating the Member States how they apply working time regulations against self-employed drivers and how they monitor the fulfilment of these rules .
based on this report , the main objective of the radio spectrum policy programme is to ensure that all EU citizens will be broadband and a speedy broadband by 2020 .
we need to stop saying that the social dimension is not a European competence .
so I think that greater coordination could be necessary .
therefore , Commissioner , Commissioner , the Commission &apos;s service , the Agency - ensure that Member States are really doing what they have included the control of port state control , classification societies , the Seageters and other issues which we now complete or supplemented .
in parallel with this parallel , the European Aviation Safety Agency ( EASA ) is preparing rules on airworting requirements and risk assessment to fly contaminated airspace with volcanic substances .
it also acknowledges the need for open standards and their important contribution to innovation and competition , as well as the need for a real choice for the consumer .
2 .
the attempts to prevent Members from expressing their opinions on issues of general interest and justification of our political opponents in a democratic society and represent Article 8 of Article 8 of the Protocol , which is designed to protect Members &apos; freedom of expression of Parliament as a Parliament as the interests of the European Union institution .
with the harmonisation of these legislation throughout the EU , companies receive confidence that the rules applicable to their home market , almost elsewhere in the European Union .
in writing . - ( PT ) nobody can ignore the extremely important importance of achieving an international post-Kyoto agreement on a substantial reduction in carbon dioxide emissions .
this gas through great quantities in France , Poland and Bulgaria .
I would also like to call for an independent inquiry , as has also been requested in the motion for a resolution before us , which we support to find out who these attacks carried out what they represented , which are wrong in East Timor , both inside East Timor and , above all , internationally .
I am pleased that the Commission has made some concessions on its four statements , so we are currently achieving what has allowed the progress made by 2010 , and in three years three years again to review the legislative instrument .
new visa rules for the Western Balkans ( Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , Montenegro , Serbia ( debate )
I believe that the European Union will be included in the future of these networks .
perhaps now it should now be considered by the mission of the NATO or the common security and defence policy of France , in order to eliminate this global threat , particularly in Mali , Mauritania and Niger , which are already poor countries and need any assistance that we can give them .
the European Union should seek to re-establish the work done by the Parliament &apos;s work that the new government has suspended .
thirdly , I can see that the resolution does not find the word &apos; point &apos; .
subject : energy - World Trade Organisations
we therefore call for the rejection of the Commission proposal and the implementation of the 2002 directive , which should have been applied since 2009 on self-employed drivers to combat social dumping , to protect the rights of workers in the transport sector and holiday and improve the conditions of road safety .
27 .
Ireland is not in terms of eurosceptics , far from it .
old oil directive - as you know , it has now cancelled sees that old oil needs to be processed and regened .
this would make usual sustainable agricultural and daily production impossible .
let me finally quote one president , if you allow me : &apos; my administration works to make the government unpredictable openness .
this is a completely new challenge for our countries .
only in this way is Baghdad to respect and increase confidence , not only in the country , but also in relations within the EU .
I think that there is only one good solution .
the public procurement is estimated to be estimated to be estimated at EUR 1 800 000 000 .
we only need to look at previous policies in the regulation of the financial market in order to see if we are reasonably honest - that we have promised that we have promised that we have promised to regulate those markets that have failed , but until now we have managed to make progress .
EMAS is a voluntary plan which gives the framework to help businesses and organisations to improve the effectiveness of their environmental activity .
a person working in this company can find ourselves associated with another company .
( DE ) Mr President , we are victims of 31 Maiti &apos;s victims and feel their relatives and friends .
the unpleasant side of the system is that it can result in fraudulent fraud , because VAT will be collected in the most recent stage of the supply chain .
the implementation of the European Semester at the beginning of this year will help to strengthen budgetary discipline , macroeconomic stability and growth and obliges Member States to change their economic and fiscal policies .
it is unacceptable for the US to give the political asylum involved in bomb attacks .
people are increasing against dictatoriative despots and that is a good thing .
the coal industry is again at the time of the revolution at the time when the 25th anniversary of the mineral strike is approaching .
thirdly , we also need something that I call the &apos; spirit &apos; which would demonstrate the way forward for Europe .
we must not give the impression that some countries will not be recognised in creating a new service .
we want to be attentive to the change .
emphatic promises is not stopped by global warming .
I want to draw attention to the fact that it is absolutely unthinkable to achieve maximum sustainable yield for all fish species everywhere .
we believe that it is important for us to have comprehensive legislation .
firstly , the urgent need for Member States to make the Member States more responsible for fraud and irregularities , and for information needed to combat fraud , wastage and collecting taxes .
I believe that the Green Paper on the Commission &apos;s document , which has diagnosed exactly the current challenges facing the EU &apos;s cohesion policy .
I voted in favour of the report on education for early years because I claim that parental leave is an important element of a small children &apos;s childhood .
I would like to remind the Czech presidency of the Czech presidency to the European Union and its citizens .
allow me to call the remaining two minutes with regard to these two issues , one question concerned the member of the Lukashenko Government .
Mr President , we will then be a register of transparency .
firstly , we need to support the rapporteur &apos;s proposal to adopt the revenue and expenditure of the European Parliament by the European Parliament by the European Parliament by the Bureau of the European Parliament in approved by the European Parliament in April this year .
her predecessor has already called upon the United Nations Security Council to investigate crimes against humanity in Burma , as is done in Rwanda , Bosnia and Darfur .
thirdly , Mr Domenici &apos;s report recommends the whole EU-wide tax money on certain jurisdictions on certain jurisdictions .
moreover , I am working with my highly committed colleague , Neelie digital development , with a digital agenda .
we know that the eurozone was not an optimal currency zone .
we need to make active cooperation with the Member States to encourage these political commitments and to exert pressure on functional airspace blocks .
they were encouraged to participate in joint action against these oppressors .
according to the Council of Europe , 5 % amounts to 10 % from illegal trafficking of organs , and that means the thousand victims of the year .
as soon as Christians , I call on the Council to present us on its resources in the coming years .
obviously in Russia , there are shortcomings in respect of democracy and the rule of law .
we support the real initiatives that are for the rights of Europe as a whole , but if the Lisbon Treaty and the Charter of Human Rights are actually institutionalising the judgments of the European Court of Justice advocating the exploitation of migrant workers by cross-border employees , how can we support it ?
the financial economy needs to oppose the real economy .
we need to establish separate rules for local public transport , in order to ensure that the treatment of customers and not as us .
for this reason , I have a question that when the Commission has its said to information what it is and undertaken , why , for example , did not know the outcome .
the Committee on Budgetary Control is possible to see all figures on what has been made to receive missed funds .
what has already been said , I would just like to add that 200 000 children were lost in 2001-2007 , and there have been 500 of them .
let us be honest , there is no access from deeper economic integration and therefore refers to a closer political union .
within the framework of the second plenary part-session , there will be a debate on the priorities for adjustment of cohesion policy .
it is justified that greater efficiency has been achieved at the expense of citizens &apos; rights , and it is high time that this gap is overcome .
Spain is grateful to the European Union , its founding fathers and the large countries such as Fermany , Germany , Italy , who have helped to bring democracy in our country , have welcomed us in Europe and with our instruments contributed to our development .
Mr President , let us price after the whole of the global warming summit after the Copenhagen Summit .
could you please clarify what Rule of the Rules of Procedure raised and voting on the ground to adopt the point on the agenda that we had to discuss this afternoon ?
I would like to address some of the issues that have already been mentioned .
( NL ) Mr President , I see that I am not fortunately the only one who doubts a relatively absurd initiative in this relatively absurd initiative , the aim of shaming Italy as a country where freedom of information is at risk .
amongst others , the President of the Commission is also confirming us that this revision would only be limited , but the German Government does not seem to think that .
we need better and more investment in education and training .
the number of European average donors is therefore only 0.5 , European average donors in Romania .
however , I would also like to draw attention to the existence of certain weakness , particularly in recruitment planning , which we will hopefully be able to improve the situation in the context of the forthcoming economic years .
in writing . - ( PT ) Access to information on prescription-only medicines guarantee better results on patient &apos;s health , because patients are better , the better they understand their treatment decisions .
it is also true that the situation in Europe , both fresh water and quality is basically good .
now we have to act and , after discussions with the Americans , I think that it puts us in negotiations with a better situation and provide an equal basis that will enable us to strengthen security and citizens &apos; rights in the European Union and perhaps even in the United States .
however , when it comes to this sector , there are several explanations of explanation .
each speaker is one minute .
EU-Turkey relations ( vote )
advertising is an important tool to ensure that the free market is functioning in the way .
it also guarantees uniform conditions for the application of control and implementation measures and the costs that Member States are bearing with regard to the control system and implementation of the common fisheries policy , as well as the collection , management and use of data .
this is why it is very important to review coherence to ensure that our other political actions in any way do not undermine development policy and undermined .
this would be without mentioning the consent of the Commission , Elmar Brok talk about and which will further extend the competence of the European Parliament .
furthermore , cooperation with Russia must not mean weakening the protection of Central Europe in this area .
this relates to coastal fishermen and historical rights .
our Members of the Communist Party of Greece are opposed to the selling of the railways , particularly in Greece , where rail transport does not comply with the needs of people , and in many cases , continues management with an outdated infrastructure and equipment .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( IT ) I am asking for a roll-call vote on the final vote .
together , they can grow changes and solutions at global level , such as promoting and implementing development objectives to combat poverty and economic and social inequalities by strengthening cooperation in the area of development aid , including trialogue cooperation , and , at the same time , combating international terrorism , drug trafficking and crime .
austerity must be sensible in the future of the future .
it is important to provide the message to Member States that receive European funding through medium-term financial assistance .
11 .
the new laid document within the framework of OLAF was a subject of consultations with the Council of the European Union , the Court of Auditors and data protection with the Ombudsman , which is important , was held public debate - in other words , consultations with the public opinion .
does the Commission share the view that such a mechanism contributes to creating a cohesion policy that is a more strong orientation ?
a natural disaster last week in the Far East shocked every proper person .
this requires resources and I would like to thank the Commission and , in particular , Commissioner Figel for the fact that the Commission agrees to cooperate on this .
however , my lest studies were very long ago , as you can see my fruit .
I do not believe that the people of Europe want these artificial reductions , and I think we should give more attention to what people want to see in their food and not what companies want to incorporate .
I am convinced that the Council would have been present in this debate , and it must have been met and repeated .
it is crucial to support them not only in relation to meat , but also in connection with milk sectors , which I feel very well in Sardin .
my request is that it is always coordinated worldwide that our companies in Wales , in the EU and elsewhere , have access to capital .
the microfinance instrument is an interesting instrument , offering financial support for the people who are unemployed or who are unemployed , but also for businesses in the social economy .
it is in this spirit that the coordination of the Commission &apos;s measures will take place .
we have heard from air traffic companies , Member States &apos; security services and the EU Counter-Terrorism Coordination .
I would like to assure you of all of you today that if the European Parliament will elect my appointment , I am going to implement these political guidelines during my second term , and I will approach them with the new Commissioners in drawing up the Commission &apos;s legislative and work programme .
in the statement , we reiterate that all the members of the euro area must take reliable national policies in line with the agreed rules and should be aware of their shared responsibility to ensure economic and financial stability in the euro area .
we are currently seeing the problems of energy dependency .
in writing . - ( IT ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I voted in favour of the report by Mr Gyökry national energy savings .
this is really one of the areas in which Members working together with us can make a significant contribution .
the EP has itself imposed the institutional triangle and as a co-legislator for sharing responsibility in European public life , but , at the same time , create increasingly closer ties with national parliaments , much of whom are represented here today .
he is wrong .
decisions concerning certain documents : see Minutes
as the Belarusian economy is largely unbortunate and unstutured , we expect the negative trend together with the negative social consequences of this .
according to the applicans , the relevant procedure is often based on opaque criteria .
I regret that the rest of ten or twelve Members did not get the floor , but in view of the time and the rules of the Rules of Procedure , it was impossible .
our main conclusions was to speed up the regional dialogue and support to regional integration , strengthen bilateral relations - taking into account the diversity of the region - and to adapt cooperation programmes in order to increase their focuseing and resultant orientation .
we therefore do not want to introduce such a model in Europe , knowing very well that in my country , in my country , my region have access to the Internet .
in writing . - ( FR ) I welcome the adoption of a common position of the Council for the 1971 postal directive at second reading aimed at completing Community postal services , and I thank my great German colleague , Markus Ferber , for huge work on this issue .
this regulation considers essentially on the production of ozone substances , imports , export , export , use , recovery , recovery , recovery and destruction and restrictions .
the Liberal Group has submitted a request to extend the deadline for resolution on the joint motions and amendments on the priorities of the European Parliament with regard to the Commission &apos;s legislative and work programme to the Commission &apos;s legislative and work programme , on Tuesday , 23.00 to 10 : 10 : 10 .
written statements ( Rule 149 )
coordination of social security systems - the coordination of social security systems : scope for social security systems : scope of the regulation ( EC ) No 883 / 2004 to extend the citizens of third countries who are not covered by these provisions ( debate )
we hope that this potential will be used and it becomes a reality .
we are therefore an excellent opportunity to shape legislation in these new areas where this is still not yet .
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution of the various political groups .
are the Member States showing their unity here ?
the study recently carried out in the University University has created alarm in this Chamber with regard to the potential danger of azo dyeths , which are used to could be coloured of certain savings and drinks .
people think that the mass destruction of the spread of the disease should take place as humane as possible .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it would really be hypocritical if Parliament , having supported the oral amendment to Mrs Angelilli &apos;s oral amendment with the European Parliament &apos;s unreasonable and support for the family of the victim of our country , then to adopt a strong position to avoid these deeds , the bloodshed of honest citizens , which is happening because of a lack of control .
the supervision of fishing currently provides increased commitments to the Member States and either because of the common fisheries policy or multilateral cooperation , also demonstrated by the proposal for transposition .
following the analysis in the proposal , it can strongly claim that the compromise package that the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , the Democrats in the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats and the European Democrats and Democrats in Europe reflects the interests of the relevant groups affected by the directive .
we are therefore appealing to Commissioner Mandelson , who has confirmed that it does not intend to negotiate TRIPS &apos;s provisions , eliminating the draft economic Partnership Agreement with the Caribbean countries to join the following agreements and commitments within the following agreements and provisions : patent cooperation agreement and Directive 2004 / 48 / EC on the enforcement of intellectual property rights , intellectual property provisions which are unequivocally similar to the 
thank you and the entire College of Commissioners and the staff .
in this respect , we need to be very careful that we do not get too many regulations and will not do ourselves as a result of the market .
the introduction of electronic data exchanges in the Polish pension system has largely reduced the number of insurance data between the institutions .
safety should be considered a priority in all air stages , as well as in airport conditions and should not be the first of conflicts of conflicts with national authorities .
this is one of the ideological prejudice , of which I would like to get rid .
the global situation of the global economy is increasing slower growth and labour labour fears in Europe .
protecting investors is important , but the Commission is asked to present a clear definition of investments protected .
however , it is incredible that many Members of the European Parliament who are defending Christians around the world will nevertheless support Turkey &apos;s accession to the EU .
we should be pleased that the ne bis iden idea is guaranteed in the courts of the Member States .
( HU ) Mr President , I would like to say that I agree with the rapporteur and support him and also with Commissioner Malmström in seeking a solution to this problem , in line with the rule of law , respect for human rights , data protection and , of course , with security considerations .
the number of Members should not overcome 10 % of posts or 20 .
however , the solution of the problem is certainly the best way to impose financial preferences to the employer &apos;s financial preferences if they encourage their female workers to children .
I am counting on you , Commissioner .
moreover , in the context of energy problems , the Presidency will focus on the progress of 15 chapter in the field of energy , because it is one of the priorities .
in this respect , the European Union is committed to monitoring closely developments in relation to human rights and make use of its influence to change this negative trend .
the reality of people in relation to climate protection seems to have situated .
thank you .
the European Parliament has held five months whether women &apos;s human rights should be a priority .
many issues have been raised , including intellectual property rights and public procurement , and the investment capital has reduced the scope of political measures on both sides .
it seems to me that one particularly important area is civil society .
the Commission &apos;s report rewards well-managed work , but it will also provide energy for the whole future work .
Madam High Representative , I thank Mr Salafranca Sánchez-Neyra for an excellent report on the EU &apos;s strategic relations and partnership with Latin America .
I will be supportive of all the policies of Mrs Doyle , which obliges fishermen to land its fishing .
I fully agree with what Mrs Gomes has said .
that is why this initiative contributes to achieving our ambitious objectives as part of the partnership for economic growth and employment .
( RO ) Last Monday , Romanians chosen representatives of their European Parliament .
written statements ( Rule 149 )
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on Burma .
in writing . - ( PL ) I voted in favour of the violation of human rights because we must not allow their infringements and do not accept people or as citizens .
it is therefore important to promote diversity in the agricultural production production that extends traditional agriculture and small-scale farming ; to ensure access to young farmers ; to encourage the development of food administrative plans to contribute to world trade and lead to prices on the world market .
this means that Europe must combat the new vision and complex policies in order to maintain its position on the global economy .
the Council must be strongly controlled as the other European institutions and the written documents need to be proposed for the other European institutions .
however , it is essential to ensure that the process complies with legislation in the area of data protection in the EU .
a fundamental financial institution , be it national or privatisation , should not by regulation .
in writing . - While Regulation was adopted on 19 February 2004 , which will be discussed at the moment , Frontex was not formally established .
President-in-Office of the Council , many of the topics are blocked , because the problem is that Parliament wishes to continue to apply the Community approach , but the Council does not want to move in this direction .
I believe that the gradual consolidation of budget growth and the protection of the European social model is necessary .
the report called , in particular , the allocation of resources from Eurojust and Europol , whose operation does not comply with the United Kingdom law .
I would also point out in my report ...
the EU must provide a number of short-term objectives that Bosnia could be able to fulfil , so that its citizens can see that progress is made and find a motivation process to continue the reform process .
these organisations can contribute to consumer protection in the centre of dialogue on the regulation on the financial markets .
we have had good initiatives and success storage , such as the programme of economic growth and job creation , or the project &apos; firstly &apos; small &apos; , and there has been a success of the Services Directive , the supervision of the financial markets , climate change policy and a new energy package , if some here mention .
I did so because I consider it important to improve the EU &apos;s ability to respond to disasters and that the prevention plan has become increasingly necessary , as did EU global response measures .
EU and Syria Association Agreement for the Euro-Mediterranean Association ( vote )
you are witnessing the Hungarian economy , Prime Minister Orbán .
in the action plan of Connie Hedegaard , we have laid down to reduce CO2 emissions by 10 % in the energy sector by 2050 .
however , we need to keep our values : we cannot allow the country &apos;s reconstruction without a manipulation of the history of retropriate rhetoric or a significant distant return of the past .
the different courses can complement each other , as I describe in the future .
( applause )
in my opinion , it is also good - and this is also something that is actually a mandatory consequence of the Treaty of Lisbon , that the position of the international negotiations on international negotiations on international agreements improves , and Parliament must be given real access to all information and all the consultations .
I think we have achieved this legislation on the citizens &apos; initiative .
evening the blinkers of the pieces of the evening , when they are determined and willing home to sport or come up with children , are already already already already already the case .
( applause )
we have transport capacity in the European Union for motor vehicles .
this will enable Europe to do better and will give it the necessary instruments in order to be able to talk about the voice of the world .
it must be based on an integrated approach which links the implementation of existing and new standards and the dissemination of good practice .
Mr Füle rightly said that economic conditions make the political difficulties more acute .
at the same time , it will provide a system and , more generally , the Schengen acquis with a broader firm plant to deal with international crime and corruption .
author . - Mr President , before we are going to vote on the resolution on the accession process of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , I would like to make three technical points so that everything would be able to decide on the basis of the correct text .
among young people , the rate of unemployment was exceeded by the economic crisis at the beginning of the year at the beginning of the year and , at the same time , were left at school leave at 17 % , with the most affected by young people in rural areas .
if we support the Uighurs , let us have a friendly call to the Chinese , because the Uighurs are threatening cultural ethnicits .
the political shortcoming of the crisis in Georgia is not only increasing the European Union &apos;s internal but also strongly on relations with Russia .
these deficits will damage both Member States and victims of persecution .
if food safety is one of the basic demands and the greatest concerns of a market with more than 500 million consumers , this evaluation and inquiry requires an extremely high level of professionalism , effectiveness and impartiality .
programme of the Stockholm Programme ( vote )
this is why it is extremely important that every Member State starts to implement the structural reforms that the Commission and the European Central Bank has repeatedly pointed out in the past .
( FR ) Mr President , in times of recession , it is important for the European Union to keep solidarity with developing countries .
yes , I believe that we need to review the situation with regard to the existing standards in relation to genetically modified organisms .
the next item is the vote .
this role must comply with the IMF .
I agree with the Commissioner that the EU representation in the Committee of Tuna in the Indian Ocean ( INTC ) is good , but my question to the Commission is as follows :
it is true that we need to educate them , but not declarations that we need a policy at EU level to deal with the problems of a globalised economy .
in order to share the resources , the Member States have the time to distribute the Member States until June .
I would ask the Commission to carry out studies and produce projects for the Black Sea region , which has become a European strategic region .
I believe that we should be rule that we should know at least two hours who will take the floor during the one-minute speeches .
in writing . - Guillaume &apos;s report covers significant legal areas and underlines the need for full respect for human rights for human rights .
it is true that we are not just regulating the problem of undeclared work .
I therefore support the proposal to enhance cooperation , even if some Member States do not participate in cooperation .
this is the fact that Members of the European Parliament regulate Members of the European Parliament regulating the Statute for Members of the European Parliament , as well as modernisation of Members &apos; salaries , or modernisation of the Statute , which cannot be done in an EU annual budget in a plenary session .
yes , it is the intrusion of cleansing .
we already have that example .
the Commission will analyse the possibility of initiating projects which would help Pakistan help to fight terrorism better .
it would be the response to agree on a European strategy against high prices for food and energy together , together with the protection of poorer households .
the method of compliance with the accession criteria , particularly in the area of Chapter 23 in the area of rights and fundamental rights , is an important mileston on European standards .
good luck .
ethical diversity must be protected , so I am pleased that this issue is addressed in the report .
in so doing , I would like to point out that Kosovo is an integral part of Serbia and is not a separate subject of international law .
based on these considerations , I voted in favour of the Portuguese candidate for the position of the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Chairman of the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions .
for that reason we abstained .
further cooperation in this area is foreseen for the period 2011-2013 .
secondly , I would like to stress that , given that European coordination of organ coordination today is important , it is extremely important to strengthen that part of the part of the existing procedures of exchange of organs between Member States , such as the European donor card and the European donor card and European information .
I firmly believe that the government of an EU Member State has a fundamental responsibility to express its opinion against misinformation and false information .
the statistics of international organisations is awful - there are approximately 150 000 Christians in the world every year .
in these areas , our work will be assessed and also our policy on the basis of the results achieved .
the EU is now required to reduce costs , but is it realistic to expect Greece reducing public sector costs when 20 % of the population workers and 50 % of SMEs are the only customer ?
I think it would be honest to underline that in these months when we cooperated closely with the Commission and the Council , we have certainly achieved a key objective for the European Union , giving mainly with the technical nature of the European political agenda in the European political agenda .
the idea of an Internet-based Television programme as a technical information programme is an acceptable intention , but it should not be implemented in a way that it is now recommended .
in September 2008 &apos; multilingualism : Europe &apos;s wealth and common commitment &apos; , the Commission &apos;s support for all the languages speaking in the Community , including the languages that minorities are talking about .
Mr Frattini &apos;s proposal concerning the promotion of packages on legal entry packages , in my opinion , facilitate the reduction in illegal migration within the European Union , but it can also achieve more effective control of illegal immigration in third countries .
in Britain , illegal immigration is a huge problem .
all we want to achieve a maturity until now , but not alone and society .
that is why we are preparing a very important package of access , opportunities and solidarity which will be completed before the summer .
we call on the Commission to respect the plenary before the House that EU action will include all areas of discrimination .
as long as the European Union does not speak with one voice of its common foreign and security policy , we are very difficult to establish effective and systematic Community sanctions .
it is clear that , after the war in Georgia , the West needed every small move that could be done by attempting to balance Moscow &apos;s growing impact on the postal territory .
the proposal of the Commission &apos;s &apos; soft landing &apos; policy and the annual 2 % increase of 2 % up to 2014 , when the current regulation , when the current regulation will increase the unequal distribution of quotas between Member States .
we cannot shift this burden on the force of private entrepreneurship .
so there are two aspects to deal with here today and in the future :
furthermore , we need clarity and responsibility for victims .
migration , economic uncertainty and political tensions also have pressure on relations with different cultural , ethnic and religious groups .
it is in our capacity to keep this country .
it also advocates the creation of a safety net and support for small farmers .
it is therefore important that legislation within the Member States of the European Union would harmonise legislation on waste and recycling ; however , the most important thing is that the waste export , where no certification of waste certified and environmental disposal .
if we are talking about developing technology , it must take place in all areas .
as usual , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur for an excellent report and I fully agree with him that we should be confident that the scheme would become more concerted and , most importantly , more productive and useful .
it calls for an information on them .
on 4 September , tortured , and now for 11 years , Nasrin Sotoudeh &apos;s case is an example of this .
explanations of vote
there is nothing from a democratic conflict with the ECB , to establish a monetary policy contributing to industry and job creation .
ladies and gentlemen , the reports presented to the Commission does not clear that the German alcohol monopoly would have been infringed with the competition rules on the internal market .
this means the Parliament - you - a stronger role and more democratic supervision .
we certainly do not want to introduce US conditions .
the prices of raw materials are drastically falling at the moment , so that the oil barrel now costs approximately USD 43 , but the same reduction has also conducted the prices of many other raw materials .
indeed , I believe that it is good to provide mutual trading concessions on countries along the border border borders , both for economic development and socio-political issues .
as regards the specific issue of Iceland &apos;s introduction of the euro , without joining the EU , Iceland can unilaterally adopt this decision , but it must be clearly stated that the Commission , as well as the European Central Bank , is that unilateral euros &apos; is not a political choice for Iceland .
however , if we offer him the foundations of the health system , we have not only contributed to him for all him life , but also his children .
we have seen his actions at Kigalia and Kinshass meetings , and that was heiroo .
this is not a simple subject , but we will continue to deal with that .
much human trafficking is on the European Union &apos;s agenda as a very important point and , of course , we need to continue the implementation of a number of measures to combat this terrible violation of fundamental rights .
there are two main elements to ensure the sustainable economic development of the EU &apos;s prosperity .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would also like to add my colleagues and to thank Mrs Harkin for drafting the report and congratulate Mrs Harkin .
I refer to Western Sahara .
that is why the Council was not limiting its actions on this issue but entering a broader , simultaneous debate on the health package on the common agricultural policy .
instead , we are in favour of measures to guarantee the only truly common policy that exists in the European Union .
I would like to begin by thanking the rapporteurs for their essential collaboration in drafting the reports on the single market and congratulate these results .
in relation to this , particular attention was the development of the system and provision of a compromise in a system against discrimination against networks .
you have worked here today in this House , and I thank you for carrying out here and excellent and comprehensive answers .
that is , in fact , something that we received .
we need to increase the impact of the strategy for growth and employment in the Lisbon Strategy and the climate and energy plan .
it is essential for all the media information to provide information in a way that is accessible and unsecured ( subsidiarites ( together with visible visual information ) , as well as the mobile operators to work together to provide individual preferences and immediate information adapted to individual advantages and immediate information .
many of them have asked me as what we are doing and what Europe does for their families and their family .
thirdly , the Commission has tried to ensure that Member States who are vulnerable to the increased refugees and illegal immigrants would be able to deal with the financial consequences of resettlement in the very short term .
thank you .
Mr Guardans , Mr Medinas and Mr Mavrommatis really have pointed out , and I agree with them .
it is because there are brutals and criminals not afraid of the law .
why is this ?
this issue is both the Commissioner and the Council and to the Council and relates to the fact that 80 % of our funds are actually spent in the Member States , and Parliament have been in favour of many years of national management declarations .
in my opinion , the balance between the needs of privacy and the need for jurisdictions must be enforced into their tax laws .
nevertheless , we support paragraph that has to be excessive hours and non-existent hours for accidents and disease diseases and requires the right balance of work and family life .
the strategy that I had followed and which the rapporteur has taken to respect the balance of this proposal with a view to ensuring that it does not harm the researchers .
it is regrettable that the justification of the proposal for a PNR system in the EU has left so much legally vague as regards the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (
illegal logging is often a first step towards a general destruction of natural forests .
if there are differences between us , it will be difficult to take any objective ; so the transatlantic relationship will allow us to achieve the results that we are unable to achieve alone .
thirdly , I would like to address air traffic .
finally , there is no notice that security is essential .
and the Committee on Regional Indocess is doing the same report in its simultaneous report .
in this context , I would like to emphasise that , in addition to the EDF framework , there are now funds within the framework of the Food Facility , which is EUR 110 million in the period from 2009 to 2010 .
it is particularly important that there is complete equality in the organisation of the workers in the EU institutions and the Member States .
however , I would like to clarify that I do not want to extradite the overall framework , but only achieve greater flexibility within the existing framework to answer new needs .
although the EU has not confirmed all the recommendations , he clearly gives the Goldstone report very seriously .
I also supported the amendment of the Eurovignette , its review must not reduce the importance of a sustainable transport strategy .
next , I will continue with the subject of data collection .
perhaps Parliament &apos;s father or mother .
they also constitute part of the commitments that Russia is taking place as a member of the UN , the OSCE and the Council of Europe .
if transport companies do not use the already marginal network capacity , they will eliminate them at all , which brings damage to all users .
in the opinion that the law threatens to the free movement of workers , which is one of the greatest achievements of European integration , as well as the legal institution that the legal institution is that the amended language law is contrary to Article 56 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union on the freedom to provide services .
in writing . - The report aimed at guaranteeing greater transparency , efficiency and accountability with regard to European expenditure is more important to the implementation of the EU budget , more important than ever .
it is true that the dissolution I referred to is partly eliminated ; however , it is the case that the Danish Aviation Authority does not allow SAS airports to rise until technical problems , while other airlines use air technical problems .
the Commission &apos;s progress report is expected on 7 November , and I think it is extremely important that the current positive developments in Turkey be reflected in this report .
will I have a right to say that you have proposed a new and subjective formula for its implementation ?
this concerns the necessary studies to rationalise the activities of iron and steel and steel and coal , as well as the final production of the industry , in other words the further improvement of the further improvement of the industry .
following the fall of the National Government , Poland has left Poland to combat the next totalitarian regime - the Soviet regime .
UNRWA has had to stop the programme that is designed to help the poorest inhabitants in Gaza .
as has already been said , &apos; humanitarian intervention &apos; is often the real causes of intervention and humanitarian intervention is being used and manipulated in the interests of large companies and large international companies and on the cold considerations that will question the fundamental principles of international law .
this is one of the reasons why the PPE Group calls for the application of the agreement as soon as possible .
consequently , the resources allocated to it should be increased .
the aim of the Services Directive is to achieve complete implementation of the internal market in services .
it also concerns the nature and the nature and role of early warning and response to the early warning and response to public health risks .
finally , I welcome the joint measure organised by the Council , namely to extend the right of the pirate pirates , the territorial assembly of coastal countries , provided that the countries concerned are in accepting and working on coordinated assistance mechanisms against cases of maritime piracy .
this compromise offers all of that .
that was our last debate about the series of speaking on the future of Europe .
let me make three proposals ...
therefore , there are measures to increase this transparency , welcome and necessary .
I have clearly stated in this meeting , particularly when it has been spoken of a plan for distribution of fruit and vegetable distribution .
thank you very much .
this is paradox , even asylum seekers think among the migration flows with different groups .
could you tell the President that , when the current Parliament should still demonstrate its genuine demonstration , we should review them ?
a similar message was conveyed at the informal meeting of the foreign ministers at the end of March at the end of March .
there is , of course , a big question that follows the outbreak of such events .
I also support the view that Member States should be given more time to investigate whether the repeal of directives generates legal uncertainty .
one of the muddles were spread of a whole village and killed hundreds of people .
( DE ) Mr President , President of the Council , President of the Commission , this is the greatest achievement of the Portuguese Presidency that the Treaty of Lisbon is now ready to sign , and many Members of this Parliament have definitely contributed to it .
the agreements with four partners have now been concluded with the four partnership agencies : the French Francom France provides a separate situation for telecommunications services ; the American Health Organisation and the Red Cross of Spain are helping to restore health services , and Germany will give shelter , clean water and fundamental households .
these are my thoughts on intercultural dialogue on the issue of intercultural dialogue why and how .
it is a country where there are 2 million constructively building buildings , many of these forest regions ; forest regions , the latter can be easy to build vigrants and bring them later through the changes made by the government to win the government .
if the European Union in the current situation Mugabe recognised in the current situation Mugabe , it would certainly be an insult to proper people .
( DE ) Madam President , Commissioner , we support your approach that brings more ecological and greening in the first pillar .
I would just like to add one idea into this debate : if there is systematic checks in the longer term , we need systematic checks in the long term .
I support the promotion of artistic and cultural events that may enrich the population &apos;s life , which is why I supported the price of filmman prices that its budgets seems to be high .
I have recommended the development of environmentally friendly tourism , such as sport or cultural tourism .
I am now looking forward to a debate and I listen to your views .
allow me to draw your attention to points 4 and 10 of the report , which highlights the need to harmonise the social and economic rights of women who work in family farms .
in this context , I would like to ask the Commissioner whether the military sector , the activity of which sometimes interferes in the marine environment and is affected , the Community &apos;s policy in this area is taken into account in order to prevent environmental damage .
I support the principle that all democratic institutions have a duty to secure their activities , documents and decisions .
( HU ) I was shocked when I saw at the Food Conference in the African delegation : &apos; do not cotton Africa &apos; .
the summit is actually badly prepared , both in terms of a common vision that we need and in terms of resources and resources that we use .
we are calling for comparable , instruments , consistent and complete data .
together , we are capable of reaching both the necessary outcome , achieving the free movement of people than the security and security of all countries .
in my opinion , there are problems of primary legislation , not applying legislation itself .
this policy must be stopped and putting the value of the role of women , women &apos;s rights and equality , among other things , inter to the network of services of services of services associated with resources , health , education and family relief and the strengthening of everything .
I urge in the European Parliament to the twenty-e seventh anniversary of the signature of Augustance Agreements , to consider well in this case .
it appears in this institution to prove its value in the form of clean action : be it good , bad or mediocre .
nevertheless , it is in the interest of the United Kingdom to see trade preferences in the United Kingdom .
I therefore think that it is unfair to show Mr Herman van , who fulfils my tasks for all of us as President of the European Council , together with a host person .
I am sure that this statement will be successfully done in the autumn .
they want the institutions to do this together and that is why they want to cooperate .
the main criterion of the Doha Round has been the involvement of all the Member States in negotiations on all issues , with a diverse approach in which a certain changing geographical approach is applied in a broad organisation .
airlines are European and throughout the world throughout the growth of emissions of greenhouse gases .
( NL ) Mr President , first of all I would like to congratulate the rapporteur .
the situation will worse when we do nothing .
if this does not succeed , should the Commission speak of some of the programmes for the exchange of best practices in this area between Member States ?
I would like to stress the importance of certain provisions of this plan , namely those concerning measures to increase the energy efficiency of existing houses and social buildings .
Mr President , as co-chairman of the working group on indigenous minorities , ethnic communities and languages , I understand the measures that the Belarusian authorities have taken against the largest organisation of the Polish minority and members of the minority group .
written statements ( Rule 149 )
in addition to the design and construction of safer vehicles , the Member States should also invest in road infrastructure safety .
however , it is clear that the Dublin system has not been developed or as a means of sharing burdens .
some are the Greeks who are treated differently from other Europeans .
I fully support the idea that , although the Member States can collect data under the regulation in this regulation , however , is necessary to harmonise the Commission &apos;s coordinating operations in order to guarantee their comparability .
just as Afghans had to adapt , we also have to help them to achieve the state model with the tradition of joint Afghans tradition in today .
there are so-called &apos; unfunistered &apos; commitments amounting to EUR 10 billion .
the joint committee made for the operation of the agreement is already in June .
I would like to conclude with a political artist concerning the redistribution of youth employment .
all medical care , regardless of their specifications , belongs to the scope of the Treaty .
given that next year is the European Year of Volunteering , it is particularly important that the European voluntary service - which is supporting the participation of young people in volunteering and whose aim is to develop solidarity and promote citizenship among young people .
( PL ) Mr President , I voted against .
indeed , innovation is an integral part of the European Commission &apos;s climate change package and the European Economic Recovery Plan .
it is difficult to assess the size of the tax resulting from the facilities .
I hope that they will really appeal to democratic change , particularly now that they , for example Ukraine , have enormous economic problems .
a lot is writing from Tour de France , and that is the German who is currently bearing from yellow .
they are more demanding to the authorities in their countries .
this , of course , means the transposition of the relevant legal provisions into national legislation and , if necessary , to initiate procedures against those Member States who have identified infringements of European Union law .
this is not a permanent residence permit .
( DE ) Mr President , Mr Karas has already called some of the main issues .
firstly , the Council decided to continue without a unconditional dialogue between the European Union and Cuba , based on the principle of reciprocity and which addresses all issues of mutual interest .
secondly , we need to set higher targets in the transatlantic dialogue on issues to which both the rapporteur and the Commissioner , with Iran , Iran , the Middle East , Afghanistan and so on .
the European Economic Recovery Plan provides for major national investments in the modernisation of transport and energy infrastructure .
we need to remember one thing : we can also import food if necessary , but not in a way that does not comply with our conditions .
to overcome the challenges of the crisis , the Commission has launched a number of political initiatives .
the business model of production companies have business principles with relatively cheap costs and customers with an agreement on which the purchase of expensive principles will continue to purchase expensive principles .
according to the statistics of the World Bank , there are 44 million people in developing countries since June last year , because food prices have reached the level of food prices at the beginning of 2011 , when growing food and oil prices had a significant negative impact on poverty throughout the world .
I voted in favour of Mrs Angelilli &apos;s report because we need urgency , effective action to combat the effects of the causes and , above all , the effects of sexual exploitation of children and child pornography .
obviously , for Britain , there is a solution to the European Union , the adoption of controls in its territorial waters and restoration in the national fishing industry in the national fishing industry .
in order for the relationship with India , our Member States must do the same .
however , the Banana Treaty agreement has helped to resolve the Doha Round .
as always , this is the taxpayer who has the so-called strengthening of this so-called improvement .
they are interested in international action , but at the same time they must take into account their regional and other associations , and also that these aspects must not abandon any international activity in international human rights .
that brings me to a second point , which is of particular importance to us at this point .
the political representation in the European elections is very important for countries where a large part of the population lives in another Member State of the European Union , such as Romania .
most countries a reduction in debt reduction is very important , taking into account its negative impact on economic incentives and growth because of increased taxes and risk premiums .
it is important that Member States show solidarity against each other and share the responsibility in terms of international requirements .
nevertheless , in practical terms , I would like to draw attention to two elements to the failure of the Spanish Presidency .
as regards the growing flow of immigrants from Africa , it is vital that the countries of the Mediterranean coordinate measures to respond to it .
we as Members of the European Parliament are forced to emphasise the need to respect international commitments such as human rights and gender equality in order to keep women &apos;s dignity and the innocent Congolese innocent children .
in our view , it is unacceptable to treat people under the employment agreement on an equal footing who are self-employed .
however , we now find that you , the Lisbon Treaty , namely the horizontal obligation to protect consumers , in contrast - you have done precisely the opposite of the portfolios in the European Commission , because now is not a Commissioner responsible for consumer protection .
President-in-Office of the Council . - Regarding the first question , there has been a number of bilateral meetings with the preparation and simplification of negotiations .
consequently , the European Union must focus on this problem .
five things need to be five things for the sustainable and objective of migration : democracy , development , respect for international law , European solidarity and , above all , that the rhetoric of prejudice .
the only way to resolve this problem is to improve the stress in the fisheries sector to rise in fuel prices .
however , the strategic partnership must be based on China &apos;s commitment to respect human rights because we need partnerships with countries that are democratic , not totalitarian .
in order to safeguard the success of the Europe 2020 strategy , the European Commission must include more regions and the European Commission must continue simplification of procedures for access to finance .
today , barely a few hours against a few hours , has been an important legislation that recognises citizens &apos; rights to provide a legislative initiative , establishing their right to citizenship .
moreover , we managed to have a public debate on the Kyoto Protocol and the future legal outcome .
who would like to speak for this ?
I agree with the rapporteur when he points out that , in the light of the new competences given by the Treaty of Lisbon , the European Parliament must carry out supervision of the negotiations on voluntary partnership agreements and their implementation , and it calls on the Commission to present studies on the social , economic and environmental impact of the agreement with the implementation of the agreement to Parliament .
however , I would like to remind you that , after Bulgaria and Romania &apos;s accession to the European Union , the Black Sea has become partly of the European Union internal and we cannot ignore its strategic importance to the whole world .
this response is obvious in the Commission , and also in this room , because some people feel that the EU has no role on this issue .
the Globalisation Adjustment Fund has already been used in other EU countries , particularly in Portugal and Spain , and now is the time to give Belgium and Ireland .
I support the idea that the European Parliament should make specific proposals on financing and budgetary control of the European Union &apos;s External Action Service .
I thank the European Parliament for all the support it can point in this area .
I would like to consider the digital content service next time when I have convincing data .
the European Union must act .
secondly , model has been developed for a single species , while the majority of the Community &apos;s fish stocks have a great deal of fish stocks , which means many species or sectors , and that is obviously contrary to the actual meaning of maximum sustainable yields .
I explained to you that the problem of Gdynia and the Szczecin can help to solve the future for workers in the sector .
( the President cut off the speaker . )
the rapporteur drafted by the European Parliament report , the rapporteur does not seem to be particularly concerned about these objections .
at the same time , we must make every effort to make progress on China in our relations .
the demand for food has increased throughout the world , and the result of increased production costs , the great destabilisation of agricultural markets , land , water and energy resources .
this will reduce EUR 628 million to EUR 618 million to EUR 618 million for the period 2008-2013 for the 2008-2013 Fund .
this regulation lays down the Community procedures on the authorisation and supervision of human and veterinary medicines , which establishes the European Medicines Agency and establishes patients &apos; rights to be credible , accessible and independent information on patients .
I have not forgotten any other problem .
some 4 million have left where the population has grown more than 2 million .
I fully support Tunisia &apos;s transition and development process .
in view of the extent of the necessary consolidation , this programme expresses a proper level of ambition and is the distribution programme .
I am also prepared to contribute to the negotiations .
we need to have them very carefully , very wisely wisely to consider and be open to the concerns and needs of all of the affected countries .
well , because the countries of the European Union prove that this is possible .
2.5 million people have left their homes to access violence .
in this approach , all EU policies are linked to five international problems .
Serbia in this direction has been particularly difficult following the disappearance of Soviet powers and the disappearance of Yugoslavia .
in order to be an active citizen , people must have a broader worldwide .
it is right that this should be looked at investigating their national regulators , but there are also similar problems in other EU Member States .
the framework agreement on economic cooperation are beginning between both countries .
already in 2005 , the President of Azerbaijan , Ilach Alimai , confirmed that there will be respect for all journalists &apos; rights and may hope to count on aid .
in this respect , our action should guide the principle : so little as possible .
we will not achieve credibility in the world when , above all , the measures adopted in our management of immigration and responding to the tragic events caused by our policy is not an example of human rights .
irrespective of how we call it , we are in a situation where the multiannual financial framework has been exhausted .
such stations should appear in all Member States that every European citizen would have access to them .
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( FR ) Mr President , I am pleased to be here today to give you an information on the Commission &apos;s statement with respect to the New Flame shipping and its consequences in the Bay of Algeria , which you are going to adopt .
with our woman &apos;s insidious , they enrich our world &apos;s understanding .
consequently , we are concerned about the fact that some Member States tend to adopt and apply the legislation that according to the provisions of the directive , there is no justification in any way .
in my opinion , these points have been well highlighted in the report and that is why I voted in favour of it .
I voted in favour of this document because democratic change cannot be imposed outside , not even militarily , but must be achieved through a peaceful process .
the food crisis in which the poorest of our world must address immediately .
in this context , we find an opportunity to discuss the situation of the entire milk sector .
in our view , there is no explanation whereby all time and waste of resources would be acceptable .
this must not , in no way become an obstacle to the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , a member of international organisations .
another group of groups who should be thinking are farmers in the new Member States , especially small farmers .
furthermore , I think that the creation of new structures is unnecessary and expensive .
( SV ) Madam President , the global financial crisis kills the global economy , and now many proposals need to be done in such a way that it would not happen again .
they have not yet fully released the legal presence of the Soviet Union - Russia &apos;s military presence .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
they should not get purely from the murders .
the resolution is , in my opinion , a message that the European Union strongly supports the people of the Iraqi , with urgent implementation of the measures against violence and terror , and to fight for democracy and human dignity .
is the Commissioner as soon as possible to talk more determined the effects of the economic crisis on the trade in the world &apos;s agricultural products ?
this report is about creating a framework .
the undeniable benefits of the approved legislation relates to improving the quality of tyres and thereby increasing their safety .
this is therefore the reason why Greece is suffering under attack on Greece and special support needs .
in fact , we have a crisis which requires a global approach , which aims to do with the protection of our citizens and express solidarity with less developed countries .
it provides support for the automotive industry , with very difficult times at present .
in order to maintain this dynamic , the Commission again adopted a number of proposals which will be amended if these legislative proposals can be implemented since 2011 if they are adopted in time .
we have already significantly increased financing and we hope that a coordinated effort with other donors can rise to an equivalent level of financing with what is being spent on a person comparable countries , such as Laos and Cambodia .
the development of the European Network , the development of the European Networks ( TEN ) , which , as Mr Albertini mentioned , I will put high hopes of railway development will lead to an important change which obviously raises the share of the railways .
it is high time for the Council to recognise the democratic will of the vast majority of the European Parliament published here .
the imposition of clear deadlines , procedural guarantees and other safeguards are not only important not only for national authorities but also for the accused of suspects or accusations , and in particular for them .
however , the Commission &apos;s proposals contain aspects that Parliament and I as the rapporteur must less positive .
of course we are , of course , particularly with them .
this third in the report proposes that the European Parliament , the forthcoming European External Action Service and the EU &apos;s foreign missions should have contact officers responsible for the protection of human rights defenders .
this is a stricter budget that meets the demands of the Commission and the Council .
immigrants are also coming from the northern , East , Eastern , Western and Centre of Europe , so this is a European agency , even if his location was elected in Valler .
Mrs Muscardini , food supply in terms of protecting the independence of the European Union , you always have my support .
contrary to the contrary , even though the failure of these statements have never been determined , the consumer would lead to the consumer &apos;s benefit .
we must encourage the Commission and the Member States to begin the debate and implement measures to increase the participation of women in politics .
secondly , democracy will be reduced to votes and elections , of course , but also something much more .
investments in heating heating investments cannot be left to the harmonisation of policies concerning energy investments .
there are legal systems where the rights of the rights are limited that the will of the parties have been expressed .
this is not a review of the figures for 2011-2013 , such as the review of Reimer Böge , Eider Gardioz , Mrs Haug , Jean-A Deeden and Damit Abad .
energy produced by them are simply too expensive .
Mr President , this debate has shown that there are at least huge doubts as to whether the current legislation works whether they are properly implemented in all the Member States and whether they can be properly implemented .
there is no justification for this House .
in writing . - ( EL ) The international and regional agreements have not proven to be sufficient in the regulation of market supply and trade , and does not manage to defend the transparent and stable prices of agricultural products .
however , the Palestinian side has not taken a single step .
I think that we are taking a small step forward for reducing the cost of accompanying Strasbourg to Strasbourg .
through today &apos;s resolution Parliament grants the Executive Director of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction ( EMCDDA ) discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency &apos;s budget for the financial year 2009 .
ultimately , all the phenomenon which Ms called &apos; counterfeit &apos; : they believe that the Tibetans cannot actually understand and therefore should not allow them full democracy .
however , the European Parliament has also tried to incorporate impetus through the pioneering proposals that I will not deal with now , because they are not included in my report and my speaking time will stop .
we determined opposition to executions and tramitisation of women &apos;s rights .
I live on the Horn of Islands , I understand the mentality of the Islands .
the chemical safety of toys is not only a regulatory issue ; it is also associated with hygiene and therefore important in ensuring the safety of children .
however , we must bear in mind that we are creating laws for the real world , not drawing up a list of the world , and that the European Parliament should remain in the future of its competence .
I invite the President to ask the Member who belong to the pension fund , orally at the moment today , because they have direct interest to debate .
the new international agreement is taking account of the changes in the Kyoto conference , particularly the extraordinary and rapid development of the Asian conference : indeed , Bali is a decisive step in this direction , although it is not a place where there will begin negotiations there and it is very important in Bali to develop a clear negotiating mandate , precise deadlines and with the aim of concluding an agreement in 2009 .
I can ensure that some Member States are looking forward to awakening in this regard .
however , the continuation of continued isolation , on the other , leads to the sense of exclusion and would avoid exchanges of ideas and could be conducive to narrow-minded nationalism .
more than 60 people have been killed , including citizens of foreign nationals , and the citizens of the EU countries , almost 2 000 people have been injured and in the capital Bangkok in Bangkok .
I do not know if the Commission - given that we are now very close to the elections - ensuring that a targeted group of each Member State is a targeted group or a number of people &apos;s special phone number , where the candidates can be accessible to the Commission to obtain specific issues concerning information on issues relating to the Commission .
I must say that Frontex would now have a contact office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees .
we must decide to take duplicative and transparency : those who save money in another country need to be declared .
if we can work with China and Africa to improve good governance , I believe that we can provide assistance and trade and improvements .
it is therefore important for businesses to be sure that procedures are used to define pollution areas , thereby enabling investment planning .
it is not clear why the Council and the Commission abandoned this point , so we will vote against this report , precisely because the certification of origin have been omitted .
if this matter for the first month last month I said that politicisation of the issue is not only the attack of a Member State , but also to undermine the actions of the EU Presidency .
all these years have been the fate of Zimbabwe &apos;s fate in South Africa , but Mr Mbeki , has not only been able to fulfil its mediators properly , but have blacked Mugabe &apos;s side .
for people in the world , the development of international trade is actually justified by the development of international trade if it contributes to economic development , employment and thereby improve the living standard .
political action is needed to regulate and increase the limits .
today we will vote on decisions that will approve the executive directors of the European supervisory authorities .
if these companies do not participate in cross-border activities or even at national level , such accountability will only bring unnecessary administrative burdens that will contribute to these business costs ( approximately 1 170 ) .
we have received EUR 1.6 billion of unused agricultural costs and EUR 200 million in the flexibility instrument , and the rest we were able to prioritise heading 1a and the redistribution .
if the compromise text will be adopted in exactly what was agreed in the Council and without amendments , this text could be a significant step towards implementation of the mercury strategy in the Council .
Madam President , Finland will not have to shame its security solutions .
we are the Commission &apos;s draft directive in the Consumer Rights Directive at first reading phase .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( NL ) Madam President , I am glad that here is two Commissioners .
in addition , food prices can also be controlled by regulating prices for traditional energy sources .
the amendment of the regulation aims to allow and expanding this opportunity , targeting low-income households in all the Member States .
we need to understand that the Bashir &apos;s cliach of the genocide strategy in Khartoum fits the distribution and distribution of rebel groups in order for peace negotiations , such as those that should begin this weekend in Libya .
in any case , the Commission has special facilities for this .
this fact alone has led to its killifications attempts and the party of a number of political and legal attacks , among other things , she was sentenced to 12 years in prison .
the resources will be evaluated using a model-based analysis .
I believe that those who believe that things must be changed in a genuine sustainable rural development at the expense of efficient agriculture .
it is obvious that we need more cohesion .
I am absolutely certain that the security of this region and Israel depends on what progress can be done just now .
I wanted to say that one of the sadness things I have ever seen in my life was in Addis Ababa in a clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical where we went to the ACP delegation .
of course , the strengthening of the role of Parliament means additional commitments , more responsibility and more work .
the Commission contributes to the strengthening of the Community air industry , which it is still too fragmented , particularly in the light of the current crisis .
we support the combination of agricultural aid to production , enabling the production of agricultural food production in Portugal , and generally allowing the modernisation of the priority sector .
I would not be surprised if we could know in the coming days or hours to know the postponement .
setting a set objective would be put an additional administrative burden for both private operators than public authorities .
unfortunately , the Commission was against this proposal .
this access must be set up with the interinstitutional agreement and there are already negotiations with the Commission and the Council .
it has to include clear and specific commitments , since the international community has a long way to do with the Millennium Development Goals .
we need coordination , on the basis of a specific and exactly wording of a strategy that would be represented outside the euro area ; and we need management through which the work of the Eurogroup will continue to improve the work of the Eurogroup , following the direction that we took on 1 January 2005 on 1 January 2005 .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( DE ) Mr President , I , too , thank you for the rapporteur .
in the same way , it directs the European Union towards a general policy that helps to raise this debt , which was important for the European Union when it faced the crisis and the social need to combat the crisis and to protect the most vulnerable most vulnerable .
the closure of the party is not and it cannot be a daily business .
we in the European Parliament and in the European Union want strong partnerships , relations and friends with all the Middle Eastern countries .
residues were found in fruit in the European Parliament &apos;s premises sold in the European Parliament .
the first relates to industrial standards .
improving and strengthening the European judicial space also means improving and modernising the method of justice , which will depend on using new communication methods from our part , which is the nature of the e-justice project .
at the end of the day , Moldova is close to Europe and must be supported at a time when it is open for Europe .
moreover , these programmes are not coordinated enough , as has been mentioned on several occasions in this House , and the low coordination of Member States and the narrow cooperation between Member States also have large costs of resettlement , which is , of course , an unpleasant idea of resettlement .
may I reassure you that the Copenhagen criteria are not open to challenges , especially when we talk about the rights and human rights of minorities , and Macedonia and Croatia cannot therefore deal with the compliance of the acquis and , above all , on the basis of preventing discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation .
the reasons why there are enormous difficulties in the accession negotiations .
checks Greece , Spain and Portugal , but not mine .
there are winners and losers in this solution , and the last there are tens of thousands of local civilians who return or refuge from government entities .
no European country has been affected by the impact .
an additional aid to Greece without a clear direct change of direct change is nothing more than safety banks .
what we need to know is what the result will be .
the accreditation of national supervisory authorities and the European Parliament gives you its support .
homogenous and credibility are the most important considerations here .
the Czech Republic also has a duty to complete the ratification process .
since we believe the necessity of a permanent stability mechanism , the Commission constructed constructively to amend the Treaty to a limited extent .
I think that this will also help to shape the EU &apos;s future political framework for the EU , which we are likely to have a premature decision on the development of the Lisbon Treaty - to implement next year .
I know , in 2011 , seven months with 31 days .
the strategy for European Roma inclusion can be a professional minimum .
despite the opposite statement by the rapporteur , the draft regulation is expected that third-country nationals are expected to enjoy freedom of movement , freedom of establishment and free access throughout the European Union ; we need to remember that these are all things that - have not become a reality .
over the last four months , the Czech Presidency has been very actively and responsibly with the European Parliament and has made a number of compromise solutions to Parliament on various issues in order to find a final solution that would be acceptable to both the Council and the European Parliament .
to fulfil this requirement , the Commission has made a great deal of efforts to deepen dialogue and cooperation with Libya and Turkey , in other words , with two main countries that are overtaken by illegal migration of the Mediterranean .
look , for example , the GMS standard that we have in the 1990s : was also the right decision which has been done at the right time .
in order to determine the total catch cost collapse , the other fishing mortality contribute to other fishing mortality .
the High Representative / Vice-President of the High Representative is trying to achieve greater participation in international coordination of the European Union , given this context .
we are actually talking about the same fish supply from the same source , but this source is developing in sound fishing zones .
this Parliament procedure is completely frankly framework .
I believe that there is a need for more clarification on the conditions and regulations concerning regulations that account for the basis of the authorisation system if it is necessary .
the digital Single Market requires a determined action to develop the market for services .
I know that the European Parliament and the European Union will also be part of the European Parliament and the European Union , and that it has become very problematic after the Commission procedures led by Jacques Santer ten years ago .
we need to conclude the agreement .
Mrs Bauer has been violating the Rules of Procedure of our institution .
the quality of life of many Chinese has improved .
consequently , it seems to see that the European Parliament must intervene as colegislators to implement the fundamental reforms necessary for stabilisation of the Economic and Monetary Union .
( SK ) The danger of environmental damage is associated with environmental damage , so it is a risk to people &apos;s lives and health .
in writing . - ( PL ) Overweight and obesity are modern epidemics , which have dangerous consequences for health and even people &apos;s lives .
I believe that there is a need for independent and simple rules for the European Social Fund .
rapporteur from the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs . - Madam President , I do not want to refer specifically to anybody .
farmers and generations must recognise that bees are completely defenceless before the products of toxic products and that they are an invaluable help in the growing crops of these crops and must be protected in the first instance .
I support this legislation .
it is , in fact , impossible and we need to say this at the beginning ; it requires a revision of the treaties , and this cannot be done within the framework of the citizens &apos; initiative .
green technology must be green technology .
- ( NL ) Mr President , the report on the priorities of politics in the fight against the illegal immigration of citizens from third countries , which we have just confirmed , is certainly not the worst report adopted here and , in fact , contains a number of very interesting recommendations , but I do not think that this report does not speak all the story as a whole and therefore I did not vote in favour of it .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , more than 5 000 immigrants have come to Italy , and 10 000 are taking path towards Italy , France and Germany .
the second point is the need to explain that these micro-credits are certainly intended to long-term unemployed people and all those who cannot get credit in a normal way .
in addition , in order to preserve the good environmental conditions of the maritime regions and the precautionary principle of restricting the precautionary principle of restructuring of around 100 miles of the islands , because it is necessary to take the 200 peripheral miles ...
above all , the end of a human rights policy must be strengthened , not the start based on double standards in many cases .
we need a compromise , and Parliament at first reading showed the proposals on the use of division , for example .
to accept these provisions will be used for the new regulatory procedure with scrutiny with scrutiny .
you should raise the issue again when Mr Pöttering will chair this sitting .
although the approval of the agreement is not my obligation , I would like you to be aware of the problem .
( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to say that the absence of the French Government &apos;s representative of the French Government shows , on the other hand , this Presidency , which is usually approved in his political success .
the EU must invest in innovation to develop new products and services .
this situation reduces the competitiveness and profits of our farmers .
to conclude the debate , I have received one motion for a resolution on the basis of Rule 108 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
however , in recent years , however , there have been a number of bluetongue epidemic , which have affected many Member States , including in Central and Northern Europe , and major damage to livestock trade in livestock trafficking .
as Professor Monti has correctly seen properly , in the Member States , in the Member States , there is certain kind of piece of EU market , but now more than ever , we need a strong common market , and the crisis in recent months have demonstrated this .
the remit should become thinking as a provocative policy .
( the oral amendment was accepted )
southern numbers lose 1000 billion dollars every year , which illegally transmitted illegally and 350 billion moves through tax havens .
they should , of course , be in line with the WTO .
finding an answer to these serious issues is a difficult task for the EU &apos;s common foreign policy .
the European Commission &apos;s seven priority areas are clear and I recommend that the Government of Mr Igor Lukkink &apos;s Government is determined to deal with them , as a result of the negotiations on full members of Montenegro .
we also need to share a burden within the EU .
this is a sensitive area which affects social values as regards social behaviour in gambling and also the tradition of countries in this market to finance social funding .
( NL ) Madam President , if nothing else has been achieved , the negotiations with Turkey helped the Commission and the Council to improve the use of euphemism arts .
Mr Bonde has not been thought out and is breaking the current statute .
in writing . - ( FR ) The European Union , the symbol of human rights around the world must ensure fair treatment of third-country nationals living in its territory and work on an inclusive policy on them .
however , we also need to take into account its related public health problems .
our proposal clarifies the situation and oblige Member States to apply the required labelling rules .
I believe that we will only be able to achieve the approval of the majority .
in this context , I welcome the amendments made by Mrs Buitenweg on behalf of the Greens , and I thank him for her major contribution .
this could be an educational society , which will also extend the body to education and activities .
secondly , we need to act to improve risk management and economic governance .
we have avoided the inclusion of how meaningful exists between the existing country and the terrorist group .
there is a clear attempt to leave Parliament aside this important issue , and Parliament &apos;s Legal Service has confirmed that there would be the very foundations for this proposal to choose a different legal basis which would have enabled Parliament &apos;s full involvement of the process .
we have known for decades that smuggling traffickers have a criminal interest in human trafficking and that often their badly paid and poorly accompanying those related to the supply of illegal workers .
I have major conditions for voting on Amendment 6 , which has been submitted by a group of members of the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) .
this means a reduction in the cost of their use at a time when fuel prices are record .
in response to the crisis , the EIB has extended its objectives : in order to help businesses and support economic recovery , the EIB has significantly increased the volume of their loans , paying more than EUR 10 billion .
there are many aspects of this , and President Buzek has always said that we need the EU &apos;s energy community .
I do not in agree with this view .
one of the increased Polish political parties have been almost about recently because it threatened withdrawing subsidies for small financial missions .
this decision must be abolished , because otherwise , this country cannot come out of post-election political deadlock and the number of violence that has already been reported .
where are the effective cars that Europeans wanted to prevent mass production to the future ?
together with eight old and the repeal of a directive on outdated directive will enable us to take one more step forward with less bureaucracy .
in my opinion , the incorporation of moral support is very important in this proposal .
and another observation : I assume that the appropriate measures have already been adopted as regards the current budget support system whereby assistance will be suspended in Kenya after the elections .
Guy Bono &apos;s report is one of them .
I would like to ask the Commissioner and our programmes to allocate funds for research in this area in order to make them reverse and improve the healthy position of women .
Italy is particularly interested in this proposal for what is happening in the Milan worldwide EU17 .
regarding the situation in East Jerusalem , I fully support the initiative of the Presidency and the desire to clarify the role of the Jerusalem capital as regards the role of the two countries and the determination of how important it is that Israel has suspended East Jerusalem .
Mander and its inhabitants are demanding a single legislation , at least to some form ... in a way that a lawyer calls a goost .
I voted in favour of the report because it contains specific provisions to promote the interests of consumers .
ladies and gentlemen , this is not an isolated case .
this means that we must measure what the situation is now and which we can do better .
I would like to stress that , on the one hand , the agreement will give greater influence on the national parliaments and , on the other , it is based on the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union , in keeping and consolidating these human rights and the binding of the document of the rights of minorities .
the European plan of the automotive industry must be forwarded and based on knowledge and development , not more conditions .
( SK ) Mr President , the current studies on the impact of climate change in European forests shows that forest ecosystems respond very differently depending on the region .
I congratulate the European Parliament and all the citizens of the European Union , and also the rapporteur on the adoption of the decisions that should promote more specific and purposeful action both in treating cancer and cancer prevention .
the focus is the financial crisis and that right .
we all know that the European Regional Development Fund , the European Social Fund at the level of the European Social Fund , the common agricultural policy and other funds are adding the difficulties of our European administration .
I shall conclude with the request , Prime Minister .
this beyond the legislative report emphasises that the directive can be further integrated into the EU economy .
finally , I would like to congratulate Mr Staes once again for his excellent work on this proposal , which is very difficult , but it is extremely important for the environment and human health .
this report on amendment of the Structural Funds and the Structural Regulation on the implementation of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Regulation is particularly important for the citizens of the European Union .
Mr President , when the Spanish Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero has been opened by the Spanish Presidency in Strasbourg , he considered his speech about the Europe 2020 programme , without once mentioning why the Lisbon Strategy failed .
however , this means banning all forms of terrorism and violence and cooperation on the implementation of human rights .
it is so important .
the European social model is a model of an active society whose a key part of the labour market is a key part of the labour market .
minorities are being persecuted , particularly the religious group of the Baha .
in writing . - ( ES ) Martinling &apos;s report on the protection deficit in Europe and finding solutions , contains some good ideas , such as supporting the farmers who contribute to reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
thanks to chemistry , we have vaccinations and antibiotics that have been expected to double the expected life and the key to the development of new energy sources and improving food .
what is the current situation of discussions on the introduction of a common consolidated tax base and , based on the concerns expressed in the Lisbon vote expressed by the Irish electorate whether the Commission has turned its approach in any way ?
therefore , the implementation of the Small Business Act will strengthen the competitiveness aspect .
of course , we have offered a full format to the European Council .
the solution is the national declarations .
firstly , the Community preference system will be too fast in dismantling and there are serious consequences for the ACP country in a banana-European exporting country .
more efforts must be made to supplement the skills of adults and achieve flexibility and security throughout the labour market .
certain restrictions relate to the European Union &apos;s Court of Justice , the European Central Bank and the European Investment Bank , but this area is now significantly evaluate than that .
more than 13 million programmes would benefit from poor 19 Member States and the fact that the programme has been a stable outcome of providing intervention products , unquestionably the value of the programme .
every committee therefore finds one of the most important tasks to ensure that our right is not consisting of empty words .
only when the Roma participate their parts of the households of our representatives of our representatives of the political class , they can make their position on the usefulness of EU membership .
the authorities receive internet subsequents through their website or otherwise , but they can no longer process themselves through the implementation of Phohoon , using Apple as a mediator .
we might as well discuss about the abstract paint .
the Valencian textile industry market more specifically in Europe and France , Italy and Germany in Europe .
I am glad to be in the European Parliament .
the objective of reducing drop-out rates in education and increase the proportion of the residents of higher education have not been quantified and also set out to promote social integration and , above all , to poverty reduction .
I am in favour of adult learning .
this is a major challenge for the European Union : it is a major challenge for the European Union : be able to succeed and support such European funds and projects that can be used and initiate women in rural areas .
the United Nations reported recently that at least 20 000 people left the city of Abyei , and to the South , when the North Sudan army pursued the region .
in other words , three main blocs have emerged in the negotiations .
in Laos , the result of the programme in power is the result of Christianity and religion representing the West imperialism .
this is particularly pertinent because we know that the Council intends to reduce its budget for 4 % and only a 1 % increase in the Regions , the Committee of the Regions will increase this approximately 2.9 % and the economic and Social Committee even less .
as you know , the GSP ratify the international convention on the international convention on the international convention on standards of human rights , environmental protection and good governance .
there is no good excuse for abstain for abstain .
nonetheless , I would like to highlight four points that I consider to be very important .
( DE ) Mr President , I would particularly like to thank both rapporteurs .
the European limit is a border as a slaughter .
in writing . - ( IT ) The Ford report is part of the legislative package of economic governance , which consists of six of the six reports from the negotiations on economic governance reform .
alongs of physical security and energy security , food security has one of the main pillars , which is important for population , national and every individual .
after all , the people of Guantánamo is prisoner and not the people whom lightly deliver .
that is certainly not the case .
let me underline one particular point here .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I see that some Members have come to the Chamber following the beginning of Question Time and there is no awareness of a high time pressure that we have had to take into account .
it seems to me that if we attempt to deal with problems such as the economic crisis and the need to create growth , we should not be prioritising the fight against climate warming .
the first question is how we can improve energy efficiency and energy efficiency ?
what is the result - Member States are beginning to compete between those who promise the most debt on funds .
the problem , Commissioner , has the European Court of Justice that the European Court of Justice has created a consistent precedent , which says that employees coming from one country may work from less than 50 per country on the basis of a directive that must be said , precisely to prevent it .
today &apos;s debate , which I believe involves all the important perspectives of the Neighbourhood Policy , has become long and intensive .
this is a very necessary debate .
that is the first unfair fact .
thank you very much .
I can already assure you that you will be greater support here in Parliament if some of the other commissioners could have received .
twenty-five days ago , my own country also hit my own country in the county of Italy in the county of Italy , the Italian Veneto , where two deaths had two deaths in the rural area , where everyone was one of the human victims , and in the Salenro province and Campania and Cascann in the county of Campania and Canada in the county of Campania and Casca , who had three people who had to be excluded ; in Rovino , one person had disappeared .
this was an important event to discuss possible action that can help entrepreneurs to support economic recovery and economic growth .
we also need to decide whether the whole legal person will be prosecuted only on the responsibility of the Bureau .
the EU &apos;s commitment cannot and must not believe that everything itself is going in itself .
we need to increase the proportion of renewable energy sources , the energy efficiency of buildings and products , and investment in research and climate change measures .
Mediterranean Ortega is trying very specific in his report in this report , and I welcome the desire for legislators to use alternative legislative methods , an exceed the rule on the blacklist , do not lose .
we admitted the brutal measure on one side of one side and opposed to the other .
3 .
the EU is the most important trading partner for most of the ACP countries .
they are being interpreted in this way .
following this analogy , I would like to draw attention to the fact that the same child should be in the future of Romania or Bulgaria &apos;s farmer , I would say that he will be in eight years after what he deserves .
the way to overcome the opposition and create the conditions for the approval and efficient operation of the Eurovignette framework is to ensure that the directive are strict , transparent and quickly applicable in all Member States and , secondly , to ensure that the whole revenue would be directed as instruments in the transport infrastructure and not using them to meet the well-known deficits .
it is extremely important to see what is happening in the light of the accession on the ground : major political breakthrough , but also , above all , perfectly practical changes that benefit the people there .
( the oral amendment was not accepted )
countries , international organisations and individuals responded to the violence of the occupyation forces , sending support messages in Vilnius .
your attention will also be managed by the Council to the conclusions adopted by the June Conclusions on the expansion and strengthening of a general approach to migration .
this has to be extended and must be made more flexible .
the Council in closed doors cannot adopt a common position .
the new instrument created in European structural policy , the European Support Initiative , which is particularly linked to small and medium-sized enterprises to guarantee access to better capital .
the possibilities of the EU and the international community to change the realities of Somalia is modest .
it is a budget for European regions .
in particular concerns the problem of SIS II , which has been unacceptable for the unacceptable reasons , and which Parliament has also criticised a great deal of criticism .
however , you did not give a clear answer to my question .
it does not forecast anything good in a good context where the government has criticised the closure of the closure of the transmission channel with constant protests in which students and opposition members repeatedly violently conclude with the security forces .
President-in-Office of the Council , your country will be the Presidency of the European Union in the next six months .
we also delay the idea of national provisions , because the labelling system must be united as possible .
you are going to free them , which means that in 2013 , our contributions our contributions will be GBP 1 billion .
this is why the Member States must launch a comprehensive renovation programme of existing buildings , in order to achieve almost zero energy consumption in the environment by 2050 .
the largest possible length of the detention period is an important part of the directive .
that is the current situation .
instead , I shall draw the conclusion that greater mutual responsibility and solidarity must accompany mutual intervention .
then I propose that the Council conclusions on the Commission &apos;s communication in the Commission &apos;s forest deforestation conclusions .
that is certainly the least which Members of this Parliament can ask .
we must then monitor closely whether South Sudan is actually prepared to fill this agreement .
( PL ) Mr President , the Union &apos;s relations with Russia must be two-way .
in writing . - ( FR ) I voted in favour of the discharge in respect of the implementation of the European Medicines Agency for the financial year 2006 , following the report by my Austrian colleague Mr Hans-Peter Martin , which recommends to Parliament to grant discharge in respect of the director .
these are measures , in my opinion , an excellent example to others .
Madam President , in the review of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Criminal Court , let us remind ourselves that its creation marks a success of a liberal democracy and an effective commitment to developing international law .
the political groups have a commitment to participating in discussions .
thank you .
for the first time , the European Union was clearly able to recognise the conclusions of last year &apos;s study that we submitted some time ago , and now in the agenda of globalisation in the age of globalisation in the age of globalisation .
we have talked a lot about equal opportunities for men and women , equal rights in the labour market and it is clear that longer maternity leave - and also paternity leave , including creating a better basis .
women have a growing role in agriculture and rural areas .
you have already mentioned this evening that we really must pay particular attention to efficiency and costs .
in addition , carriers must create complaints and launch a complaint system which are in line with the rights and obligations referred to in the regulation .
only one objection was only on 15 July , and it came to you themselves .
in the situation where market players are working on the internal credit assessment of their regulatory capital requirements are effective conflicts of interests .
( SK ) The Goldstone report , whose conclusions and recommendations we are discussing , ignores Israel &apos;s right to defend itself .
today this is quite high , around 40 % of all energy consumed .
however , there are around 900 million people living in seasons , at least on the issue and the Commissioner did not debate this ?
however , it is far too early to discuss what these measures could be included .
alcohol is part of the majority of killings and causes 17 000 deaths on the road a year .
although the two directives work in theory , they are depending in practice .
uncertain common fund regulations ;
paragraph 2 states that one of the main topics for one summit should be the issue of the issue of the introduction of a global bank or transaction tax at global level .
the Commission has negotiated the negotiations on free trade agreements under the Stabilisation and Association Agreement in order to create conditions for political and economic reforms and create the foundations for the integration of the Western Balkans into the European Union , such as adapting the acquis communautaire .
we should bear in mind the facts and if we are referring to persecution , we should remember who is bearing in persecution .
this application and now we know that the Commission &apos;s internal debate was whether to determine the separate value of tar sands .
we need to protect the poor , especially in the conditions of the current economic crisis , and I support the changes that will achieve this goal .
in order to find a way out of this crisis , the President of the Republic must be immediately choose to form a new government in accordance with the Constitution .
written statements ( Rule 142 )
the EU society is ageing and therefore , the influx of migrants should not be seen as a threat to European labour markets .
he has existed , but all him as rapporteur , although he is recognisable .
( DE ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , why these flags crosses are being imagined , the difference does not differ from the crucifixes of Italian class monitors , and this is not so much religious reasons but rather associated with culture and traditions .
according to the representative of the European External Action Service , the money was spent on reforms .
a small famility is not enough .
4 .
GDP growth is increasingly dependent on services sector .
in the 2006 resolution of 2 February 2006 , the Member States was recommended to establish further forms of violence against women and to take the necessary measures to ensure better protection for the victims .
it is an attempt to make us small and weak .
we also call for products to be made in proper working conditions , without risks for the health and security of workers .
transparency is important and its importance is growing further during the era of globalisation .
we want to ensure that there are suitable incentives in place to act to limit global warming and adapt economic strategies that contribute to climate-friendly development .
the European Union does not have a mandate in this area .
this type of drinks are culture in certain European regions and make a significant contribution to the local economy .
the recent inquiry initiated a new investigation in the Manchester airport and has now been given a legal consultation that the use of these machines because of the nature of minors , the safety and protection laws of children in the nature of the picture of minors .
according to the premises , the European Council confirms the decision made by the European Commission at the end of last year and will initiate the accession process .
there is nothing to show that consumers will benefit any real benefit .
I assure you that you have full support from the Group of the Alliance of Democrats for Democrats and Democrats for all these periods .
and if you decide away , you have to face debt to the eurozone , which has suffered your value due to the currency .
the next item is one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
now - Year following the irreversible entry into force of the new legislation , the data show that European producers are planning to adapt their production systems , but this is not without difficulties .
for this reason , it is crucial to start dialogue between all parties , the opposition , opposition and rebels , which was committed to international standards , in the light of the free elections in 2009 .
mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund : Oden Stedwi Shipara / Danish (
furthermore , the Commission will delay the communications committed .
transatlantic security surrounded by democratic guarantees is important to close the financing of terrorism .
according to the decision made by the Committee on General Affairs Committee last week , a subject will be adopted again following the Commission &apos;s opinion .
yesterday , President Barroso was reminded in this House that the first summit in Washington the European initiative during the French Presidency and President Sarkozy with the Commission .
although the European Union remains a strong commitment and integrated , it is not clear how far in the coming weeks reaches the debate .
the EU should not develop legislation without a strong reason .
1 .
confidence is very important in order to monitor what is happening there .
collective negotiations do not mean anything also .
this has been a hargh fight .
the large-scale waste illegitimate will take place outside the EU .
I agree with the report , and this is a great pleasure to me , because it gives international protection applicants , including refugees , new rights .
finally , I would like to say that the Commission recognises the need to involve the issue of climate change in its own assistance programmes and to do so in close cooperation with partner countries at national level .
Mr Reul &apos;s report is extremely important in the current economic crisis and climate change .
when the car industry , however , when the automotive industry is somewhat accident , must be more effort .
although several different reasons have contributed to the various interventions , I would like to emphasise the important aspect of this debate on extreme extremism , namely immigration .
signature of acts adopted under codecision : see Minutes
I do not think that this will help anyone , definitely not the poorest countries .
why do I speak about this sport ?
we cannot allow the European Union to implement the decisions of the NEAFC decisions for many years .
it is an election year and a year in which Europe is extensively internationally committed to protecting the climate .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , for a long time we have believed that the European Union Central Asia strategy is very important and have a positive impact on the security , stability and prosperity of the Central Asian countries .
human rights must be included in the Constitution , and they must also be implemented in practice .
this could be added to society &apos;s knowledge of healthy lifestyles , for example , through campaigns and educational measures , but not to replace these knowledge .
it is one of the issues of freedom of the press and there can be no freedom of substance in our community .
we did it despite the fact that the explanations was confirmed that the EU should move towards a low carbon economy .
the European Commission &apos;s legislative proposals for short sales and non-stard derivatives are also essential to make the financial system more transparent and more flexible .
although the intentions of this motion for a resolution are good to protect European citizens , however , cannot rule out the inappropriate use of these important data .
we are currently in the process of cycle .
we also need to help our own producers with our own producers , but I think that we all agree that this must not do this , unfortunately those who depend on access to cheap medicines .
I shall say that it is possible to support a European structural economic policy without advocating an increase in the budget deficit .
I believe that , before taking new measures , we must assess the full systematic implementation of existing mechanisms in order to prevent greater problems compared to those that we are trying to overcome .
we support citizens &apos; rights and consumer protection in the international European trade .
Mr President , let me recall that there is a still sensitive consultation of public opinion in Qeatan .
this is particularly true of a division of labour in European production companies .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am of the opinion that we need to be very cautious in the light of the experience of Tunisia , Egypt and Libya , and that the European Union should be much significantly more severe .
the approval of the Lyon report on the future of the Common Agricultural Policy involves responsibility and the approval of the Lyon report on the future of the Common Agricultural Policy ( CAP ) , shows that the European Parliament takes its responsibility seriously .
however , the regulation does not talk about responsibility for the origin of the product ingredients .
as regards the trade issue , last year &apos;s European Union - the Japanese summit , we agreed that we are going to investigate the possibility of improving our relations .
we can no longer see or perceive ourselves from Europe separately .
I have just said , Mrs Blinketta that pension funds are important institutional investors .
in such a situation , it is difficult to imagine the direction of both external and national investment in business .
I voted in favour of the adoption of an EU strategy for Youth , whereby information was collected for the first time in Europe &apos;s young people on the situation of young people , as well as the three priorities of the Commission .
in 1989 , we were obviously aware of the situation and we consulted a number of people living in many foreign countries .
Vice-President of the Commission . - I can say that the plan delivered a key role in testing new methods to include citizens in the discussions of all the lives of all the lives of Europe .
rapporteur . - Mr President , firstly should be said that no one should be against safety and strengthening safety standards .
in the press , citizens with controversial information and interpretations of the press transfer of conflicting information and interpretations .
among the proposed measures , I would highlight the development of equality programmes and the fight against domestic violence through the declaration of the European Year of European Year .
closer connections with countries who do not form part of the area of freedom , security and justice , cannot be contributed to international crime increases and not simplified smuggling and human trafficking .
do they are the police standards of the police country of a member of the European Council ?
Mr President , I would like to conclude by congratulating our rapporteur .
I do not know how long we can keep without understanding that there is a lot of people to kill every day to kill people a large number of people one day .
all debates on this subject must be transparent in order to increase the general awareness and ensure people &apos;s support for our undertakings .
this means that the entry into force of the SWIFT agreement does not give added value in the area of protection .
I believe that this directive also increases the amount of organs thanks to better cooperation and cross-border organ exchanges and links the Member States in a new principled .
we need to take a tough action .
if this Council meeting would be motto , it could be &apos; we have no time to waste .
however , this agreement is a first step that brings together the majority of the parties and provides a basis for reducing , financing , measurement , spread and control measures to alleviate climate change and combat forest dissemination .
what role will the Commission , the Member States and the regions play ?
and why ?
the problem of climate warming is one of the fundamental issues that are disguised in today &apos;s world .
on today &apos;s one month today , I have one great Christmas desert , and it is that , when the climate conference will behave and more actors who are talking about only managers and technicians who speak only in detail and quotas , we can finally have a political debate about what is real and practically in order to improve the conditions of our planet and practically our planet and its inhabitants .
however , we should not surprise us , given that the IMF was indicated at the time of the High Representative of our foreign policy of our foreign policy , that there is symptom of the communist views , and when he was the block money of the Soviet block in order to undermine their country &apos;s defence policy .
Europe &apos;s high-tech advantage will enable us to use the full potential and benefits of the environmental economy in the future .
however , however , we should apply the most standard standards in the toy sector .
in view of the long history of south-eastern European countries and empires , was right and good that it is precisely the opportunity for membership of the European Union .
now that troops have been attacked by troops , I think are a reason to ask whether the no-fly zone was created for this purpose .
Guinea
people are being tortured .
young people need support for the labour market to ensure the future of our own and economy as a whole .
( PT ) Madam President , I would like to take the opportunity to express our solidarity with 100 000 Portuguese teachers who have demonstrated on 8 March through the impressive and immediate &apos; publication margins in Lisbon &apos; , which held a Portuguese Federation of States of Portugal .
who speaks of these millions and tens of millions in Europe , who are in a difficult social situation and do not have access to the labour market at all levels ?
we approved delegated acts under the provisions based on the Lisbon Treaty , and I will come to an end to the provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon .
I have opened a very clear picture of the country where there is no a proper market economy and where the government is far too much interference in the actions of the judicial system , the press and businesses .
of these 19 after 19 , small enterprises were three or less workers .
for this reason , I am concerned that these trade preferences leave the impression that we will pay to the Government of Pakistan for action against it .
in writing . - ( RO ) Although the number of women in the labour market for the first time history higher the number of men higher , cases of gender-related discrimination .
and this is the last few years after the European Council was adopted by the European Council in December 2006 and the renewed consensus which was supported by the European Parliament on enlargement .
it is no wonder that we are facing a climate disaster and biological impoverishment .
Mr President , these reports are , at best , full of paradox , in the worst of all , hypocritical .
the European Union should set one of the priorities of the security of freedom of religion and religious communities , including Christians , in international relations with religious relations .
combating corruption in European sport - the work of the Commission for disapproved persons in Cyprus ( written statements )
no doubt , we will come back to this debate in the summer of 2011 , when the Commission presents a number of new ways to finance the EU .
one very large Czech once said : &apos; I am no longer beginning : me is expected in the goals ; it is my work . &apos;
immediately after the vote , I will start the study to consider the introduction of a possible European system .
in Nagoya , the importance of the agricultural sector must be tackled with the environment , and this issue should be central than debate on the future of the common agricultural policy and the budget .
therefore , I would make a proposal to focus on the quality of animal housing rather than during the time of animal transport , so we do not prevent the Irish of animals from Ireland .
on the other hand , the secretive and hiding of documents - causes mistrust and exclusion , and sometimes to help corruption and the development of abuse of power .
I would like to hear the truth and that Mr Weber would confirm whether these statements have done and , if not , I would like it to be publicly rejected and parliamentary copying to prevent public opinion due to this type of conflict .
the Slovak Government is among those who lead through bilateral discussions with the United States , the real faith that the discussions result in the result of these debates more quickly and is assistant .
we are unquestionably increasingly an increasing need for precise , timely and comparable statistical data , free jobs in Europe in Europe and in accordance with economic sectors , especially following the launch of the Lisbon revised action plan in 2005 .
we support Poland , but the country must also understand that , as one of the larger countries in Europe , it has both rights and its commitments .
what have we achieved ?
I therefore congratulate the fact that the report calls for the infrastructure which would allow the effects of the proposals and proposals compiled in Parliament .
however , this amendment is not worded in order to achieve this objective and its adoption would lead to an end to the whole compromise .
the next item is the Commission statement on the practical issues of EU funding for SMEs in relation to the next programming period .
on the one hand , the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon some six months ago and , on the other , the global financial and economic crisis , its impact and the European Union &apos;s response to the crisis will undoubtedly mean that we have come to the end of a single age of one period of the European Union .
why will the creation of a joint airspace both a long time for civilian and militarisation for both civilian and militarisation ?
we cannot return to the extremes of the severe capitalist , Oliver Twiss world .
so far , however , the EU will encourage Belarus to take additional irreversible steps towards guaranteeing democracy standards , without which we cannot fully realise our relationship .
Mrs Gomes and Mrs Lochiherhih is right when they claim that we should support the events in Egypt and the developments of Egypt and Tunisia , and these events should receive our attention , and the financial instruments that we are discussing today will really offer this opportunity , particularly through the Instrument for World Democracy and Human Rights .
the EU was renewed their licence in these waters , and these people were all with what happened in the past .
good Christmas transpired Christmas .
food security is not possible if the economic sustainability of producers are guaranteed .
however , I do not accept that this House was also voting on the 2013 calendar in this House .
the following of the Treaty of Lisbon provides for the report that the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation ( NATO ) must be a foundation of joint protection of EU Member States .
the Commission must centralise information relating to the actions imposed by the Member States to combat tax fraud , show what action was the most successful and recommending what instruments must be punished in punishing behaviour .
recently there was an arrest was arrested in slaughtering albinos or injury 173 persons .
deputising for the author . - ( DE ) Madam President , President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , surely you are familiar with the Internet search for Google .
it could undermine the European Union &apos;s credibility with regard to the GFCM and other international fisheries organisations .
we would like to point out that the number of provisions in Afghanistan has doubled over the course of this year .
I will come to the second question , which is the SET Plan , which we are discussing here .
he has visited the Romanian parliament and have supported the Boc Government and Mrs Băsescu .
you draw attention to improving public transport , increasing road safety and environmental aspects of training and satellite navigation .
discussions on posts in positions in posts in the last few days are a fear that we are not looking for a best solution for Europe , but the most simple solution for Member States and political groups .
why is this ?
following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , Parliament is binding , but only for the signatory text ; Parliament cannot present its proposals or to change it .
Mr President , in essence - and I agree - there are problems that we are trying to resolve the two documents , serious and very often tragic .
there are also problems of fragmentation of the programmes provided to support SMEs .
this would enable us to combat sea piracy - the phenomenon we have witnessed in recent years , as well as protect the natural heritage and archaeology of these areas , to avoid disasters which would have a disastrous consequence on the development of coastal development .
I agree that the position on delegated acts must be repeated at second reading and must be approved .
in this context , the People &apos;s Republic of China must take responsibility as a member of the UN Security Council and exert pressure on North Korea .
Mr Brok acknowledges that , without serious change in EU policy , enlargement can undermine the EU &apos;s internal unity .
I believe that it would be useful - and I am proposing such a proposal - to call on the 17 new Member States to work with the Commission within the framework of the tenth European Development Fund programme .
as others have already said , counterfeit are often a crime without a victim , but it is a long way that we have talked about .
I am thinking here of investigations in the area of medicines , for example .
the other participants in the financial markets will suffer the same participants in the financial markets .
as the main objectives of this revision is to simplify and provide a new version of the regulation and , at the same time , to reduce the unnecessary administrative burden , thus committing the Commission &apos;s commitment to achieve better regulation , to ensure compliance with the Montreal Protocol , ensuring that the problems will be resolved for the timely restoration of ozone layer , and to prevent a negative impact on human health and the ecosystem , I voted in favour of this legislation 
I therefore appreciate what has been done here today and I think we should also deal with the financial terrorists and speculations of credit rating agencies that disastrous human lives and try to overturn the sovereign governments .
they need to know when animals consume they consume they have genetically modified feed .
the EU Data Protection Directive does not apply to the country &apos;s activities in the area of criminal and , in this case , the framework decision on data protection concerns police and judicial cooperation , because no EU Member States comply with the US judgment and that personal data have not applied or disclosed by the competent Member State of another Member State .
people &apos;s community are characterised by the advantages and strengths and deficiencies and weaknesses .
it would not have been possible .
of course , such issues such as lifelong learning challenges teachers .
I am fearful , they makes Iceland &apos;s ownership .
I would also like to highlight the need to review the simplification measures proposed during the review of the Commission for the programming period 2007-2013 , as a response to the current economic crisis .
I think that the Commission is time to implement this article .
sighly in the sking .
this experience has already been separated from the European Union budget , and the various institutions responsible for civil protection are coordinating their activities .
the Council must be able to ensure Members of this House all the necessary information which would enable Parliament to adopt an appropriate and fair decision .
we can dispute whether these plans could have been or should have been longer .
the aim of this directive is to establish a common system of value added tax , through simplification and reducing administrative burdens ; it is essential to achieve greater integration in the internal market in order to reduce costs .
there is one possibility of cooperation between universities and business , no more than a chance , it is essential .
it is therefore necessary to update updating legislation on data collection and statistics .
however , the ban must be based on scientifically justified conclusions and not on political dogmas .
Mr President , despite his terrible consequences , however , international terrorism is an issue that creates disputes .
a technical , autonomous and independent organ must precisely the proposals in this area in this area that the EU is properly supporting , not the opposite .
given that there have been several years to reach the coordination of social insurance , we have been pleased to work with Finland , Germany , Portugal , Slovenia and France .
so , if we want to confirm the Europe of Kosovo and ensure stability in the Balkans , we need to have a common approach to the whole region and particularly Kosovo .
some date he stood back when it had fulfilled its role to be ridiculous of the European Parliament .
however , the initiatives can be implemented only if they meet rules of procedural rules or the cross-compliance of the fundamental values of the European Union in order to prevent the use of the instrument from using undemocratic purposes .
others , like Mr Swoboda and Jan Marinus Wiesurea , underline that we should not comply with a black approach and that Ukraine deserves certain attention - you are right ; naturally , Ukraine does not make it easier .
thank you for your speech , Mr Rodríguez Zapatero .
we are other Commissioner that we need to have serious attitudes , because we need to realise that there are problems with security in Europe and that there are things that we can do jointly , using other issues at European level , but it always follows the same mentality - must always respect security and fully respecting personal freedoms and fundamental rights .
they happily marchingle work , shoulder and lead .
all kinds of measures that improve the circumstances of these countries are very important .
- ( CS ) Mr President , I would like to explain why I abstained on the Hutchinson report on the question of Mr Hutchinson .
in order to be clear - European Conservatives and Reformists are opposed to this legislation , we are opposed to the idea of between political parties .
Mr President , the countries proposed by the European Union are relatively poor .
the European Union is divided on a north and South , whether the quotas of textile products or the reform of the trade defence measures .
without detailed remarks about the content of this report , which can be directed as many criticism , I would like to draw attention to one article which I am voting against , even though I have back in the Commission to reject an amendment to delete it .
in writing . - ( NL ) Service of a strong common agricultural policy , with adequate instruments , it is necessary to ensure food safety .
and we can clearly involve the European Investment Bank of the European Investment Bank .
we also have another list of countries whose citizens have been released from this requirement .
( PL ) Mr President , 87 years ago the then Dutch Communism and the Head of Communism and Soviet Union , Mr Lenin , decided to share the three regions of Georgia .
companies offered by bus and coach transport should be responsible for the damages and damage due to passengers due to the damages and damage caused by accidents associated with the use of transport services .
the Council called on the Government of Chad and the Sudanese compliance with the commitments made by Tripoli and , above all , to end the assistance of armed groups in the region .
this here was mentioned in Transnistria .
the same applies to the Social Fund .
we know that some of the terrible people affecting terrible people are not opposed to any convincing evidence-based evidence on the actual relocations or other Member States on prevention or repeated requirements , even for these reasons , the Dublin system was created for these reasons .
above all , it shows us that we urgently need to give up nuclear power and pay more attention to renewable energy sources .
Internet providers can be forced to interconnect the Internet online on the Internet , or to provide information on them .
we feel that the importance of framework legislation belonging to adoption is that it increases market competition without bypassing the appropriate level of consumer protection .
one and the same instrument can be used in a very restrictive or very comprehensive way .
we also need a more effective and protective common European asylum system .
this is a key political objective of all these countries .
however , I would like to keep you - we do not just give our consent to any agreement .
a moment ago , Mr Sonik , reminded us what destruction work would make this pollution , for instance in the Baltic Sea .
the South Stream project only increases the EU &apos;s dependence on a single source .
the accuracy of all the comments is controlled .
this is why we have been looking for a small-scale instrument whereby the European Union can implement a policy of policy in developing countries , which does not assume the fight against poverty .
thank you .
finally , but not least , I would like to remind the Commission of the commitments made during the July trite , namely to ensure adequate numbers of jobs for the new Member States .
so what do we see this year ?
the most important thing would be to hold the referendums on issues relating to progress , whereby the results of the referendums should be respected .
as the citizens &apos; interests , we must strive to ensure that the EU does not impress people of the legal confusion .
people are looking at companies looking for markets , consumers are looking for certainty , Greece is looking for stability and Europe in looking at their role in the world .
from this point of view , promotion of sale is more important than production .
we need to have more facts and not the fact , and we certainly need to build on these facts .
particular problems are rural areas where consumers are suffering , where these regions are commerced far too little in order to allocate an appropriate broadband area of broadband .
in writing . - ( PL ) The consequent of the resolution on Belarus of the European Parliament , I would like to draw attention to democracy , respect for human rights and generally the situation in Belarus .
existing funds are used to do this .
new international organisations and forums have emerged - for example , diplomatic diplomacy of the G20 , G7 , and so on - and there are proposals to reform the traditional international organisations .
I invite all those involved now to come together in order to resolve this issue in order to overcome the digital divide at the end of the day .
she has given a breach of the principles of human rights , political freedoms and the rule of law to democratic legitimacy .
the establishment of penalties of such penalties , at least all drivers in the Member States would reduce the disparities caused by many transport operators or drivers between the country of origin and the legislation of third EU Member States .
subject : Sri Lanka
I therefore call on you to mobilise our resources and contacts to ensure that this summit would lead to genuine achievements .
I would like to remind one of the historical facts that you could benefit .
I want to draw attention to the difficulties experienced by the inhabitants of the Russian Federation in Kaliningrad .
none of the Member States of the EU is responsible for this .
( LV ) Mr President , fair trade in the agricultural product sector is one of the most important drivers of the economic development of the developing countries .
this is very important and please understand this point , because part of the population has proved part of the population &apos;s border .
the negotiations have been unquestionable , and that is the case ; therefore , it must remain in Paris .
recently , the Chinese authorities adhered to 30 students in school in the school of March at the beginning of March at the second anniversary of the events in the second anniversary of the events at the beginning of March and began a peaceful protest .
that is a fact .
the Commission agrees that the issue of managing web rights in terms of television and radio products deserves careful attention .
I apologise for Barry Madler , Elen Theohararous and the Hakish Hadiggert , who is also present .
for instance , it was a tactical decision to send EULEX peacekeeping forces in Kosovo in order to play a role that , until recently , delivered the UNMF .
making these rules as well as maritime transport seems a good idea , because collecting data on European statistics on road , rail and inland waterway transport , it is already mandatory .
in order to control administrative bureaucracy , national governments , the Commission or the Council here in Brussels and Strasbourg , we need to create close cooperation between the European Parliament and national parliaments .
in my opinion , Mr Lehne &apos;s proposal to release micro-entities for the annual burden of annual reports , thus reducing administrative bureaucracy .
these are not included in the report and I have therefore decided to abstain .
it is aimed at protecting Christians and attacks .
President-in-Office of the Council . - Madam President , I think that the current debate is timely and Mrs Neytsebert &apos;s report contains a number of important recommendations .
in this situation , I simply feel that it is not the best moment to conclude an international agreement with the long-term consequences .
if I had to face all these workers , I would like to say to them : please accept the solution proposed by the Commission .
the Burmese neighbour Thailand has seen a large number of refugees : some estimates , two million people have escaped over the last 25 years , and tens of thousands of thousands who have been prohibited , have remained homelessly on the border .
we would have preferred the approved system offered by the Commission proposed by the Commission and the Committee on the Environment , which ideally made it clear that , on the basis of these irregularities , there are still a whole new series of violations on the basis of criminal justice .
the financing of the EIT &apos;s knowledge of the knowledge of the EIT is also principally open .
in my opinion , the process of confronting the southern and eastern neighbours is a mistake .
it is therefore very important to take diplomatic measures against these countries and ways of helping them from the point of view of security and development .
this expression is more than just a statement : it is our philosophical choice .
that is my opinion and I will continue to ask the Council to act in accordance with this call .
the vote will take place at 11.00 .
I voted in favour of this report because it concerns sensitive energy efficiency and energy security in connection with the climate change agenda .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see Minutes
the Commission &apos;s proposal does not set up a single patent in the territory of the Union , as demanded in Article 118 , and enhanced cooperation has adverse consequences for establishing companies and the free movement of capital .
this is an important step that must be made as quickly as possible .
it goes without saying that we voted against the report .
Mr President , I come to you , Mr President , to discuss the Commission &apos;s strategy for equality .
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Balzan , which defines the position of the European Parliament in the forthcoming negotiations on the 2012 budget .
if someone waited by Mr Georgina &apos;s speech in the Independence and Democracy Group , they must disappoint , because she is present .
there is still any further review of everything .
Mr President , I am grateful to you for the fact that we are using the possibility of giving the legal personality and accession to the Strasbourg Convention .
- The 200k per cent of the tempt
on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , I would like to explain why we abstained when the amendment proposed by the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the European Union voted on a tax on the exemplary of the Tobin tax .
one way we can help is to promote democracy , the rule of law , anti-terrorism policy and cooperation both in the entire region and in the country concerned .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates , in other words a moment .
if we have to deal with the many challenges , we will not be able to do this without a scope of what the Treaty offers the Treaty of Lisbon - that is more democratisation , namely to strengthen the rights of the European Parliament and national parliaments .
( RO ) Mr President , I understand very well the principle of subsidiarity , but I believe that pensions are no longer a national issue , but today they are a subject of discussion at EU level .
first of all , I must say that the Commission has always stressed the protection of data protection in its proposals .
52 .
secondly , the whole history of the budget demonstrates that the ceilings laid down in the legislation , the Gramm-Ramming-Dings Act in the United States , one percentage - that is all folly .
moreover , on the protection of freedoms , I would like to highlight Portugal and the efforts made by the Presidency to extend the freedom of movement to new Member States .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance will fully support two points in the resolution .
the report by Pilar Castillo , on behalf of the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy , on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing the European Electronic Communications Market Agency - C6-0082 / 2007 - ,
we need to strengthen illegal immigration at European level to introduce various penalties for these illegal immigrants .
there is no risk of all Member States &apos; basic constitutions ; it only expresses our desire to have more discussions , particularly in the euro area , but also in a 27-monement Europe .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the fishing is the most characteristic of the globalisation profession and , at the same time , an area that globalisation affects globalisation .
it also provides for an impact assessment in 2008 , which would be preceded by a clear timetable for the 2009-2012 action plan .
Europe must provide international solutions to international problems .
therefore , one of the priorities of my competence in the agricultural food sector , one of my fundamental priorities immediately after the common agricultural policy is post-2013 reform .
let me finish by expressing our wish that European companies as possible should be excluded from this crisis .
we believe that this is an implementation procedure and therefore needs to be regulated by implementing acts .
the Council will certainly examine with the report &apos;s proposals in the report .
I would just like to warn in the area of unrestrained freedom that concerns me and which is entrusted to me in the European Parliament .
we must also remember Parliament &apos;s report on childcare services for students , because we are talking about work , but work in professional qualifications .
our existing Neighbourhood Policy is not enough .
we are looking forward to the Green Paper and the conclusions it contains .
the Member States are receiving rather different ways in which the Member States will respond much more quickly to new models that appear on the market on a daily basis .
if we do not fail to create a balance between work-life and private life , we will not be able to encourage young mothers to carry out professional careers , so that they can reach a leading position .
Islam and democracy is not a mixture .
the illegal dissemination of piracy and music and the illegal dissemination of films through the Internet is an unquestionable fact .
in my country we have had to recognise the murders of people protecting human rights .
it seems that this is an excuse of the central left to attack the Right , Prime Minister Viktor Orbán .
( PT ) Ladies and gentlemen , I am convinced that the European Union budget for 2010 helps us overcome the current economic crisis .
these ceilings , as you know , are not the objectives that must certainly be achieved .
Shirin Ebadi , who has personally condemned these infringements and who , as a result of the Nobel Peace Prize , continues to do so on behalf of all ethnic groups and religious communities .
on the subject of transplantation , society must be certain that everything will be done legally , transparently and without hidden &apos;s interests , and that the guise of this noble medical procedure does not promote other is to save human life .
the Council underlined the importance of investment in innovation , research and development of agricultural production and led attention to the social and environmental impact of production and use of biofuel biofuel in the EU and outside the EU .
the price of oil sits new records .
moreover , the Union has allocated EUR 825 million for 2007-2013 to implement the European Fodder of third countries to integrate the citizens of third countries .
however , I am surprised that the text that deplores insufficient health care services in developing countries should leave one of the most problems that are currently existing at present : doctors to the richest countries which have given sufficient training of their doctors to cut our costs of social protection .
subject : construction procedures for construction , supply and service agreements in the field of security and defence
finally , I strongly urge you frankly against the ALDE Group against a scandalous amendment aimed at eliminating the restrictions on access to access to the Clean Development Mechanism , but quotas for the common implementation projects in the aviation trading system .
this would create the necessary openness for discussions in Turkey , including the debate on the past , and this brings me to my Armenian question .
we should guide that effort .
it is therefore important that cohesion policy continues to support less developed areas .
we also have a responsibility to them because they are the victims of an unprecedented disaster , firstly the earthquake and now the cholera epidemic .
if not , at least we propose binding legislation .
this should be done in a way that enables the smooth implementation of these rights .
if distributed between the 20 different sectors , such as transport , health , electricity , production and agriculture , it is clear that electricity production is the most important of them .
I think it is important to highlight the important role played by the Belgian Presidency , which was necessary to achieve this complex compromise with the Parliament and in particular with certain Member States whose position was how I could describe it - in some cases .
Gay Mitchell spoke very little about the difficulties that the developing world experience in the occasions of biodiversity .
25 May was not accidentally elected ; it was the representatives of Soviet representatives of Soviet representatives of Soviet representatives of Soviet representatives of Wilot Pilet ; that was a man who went to the Auschwitz destruction camp in order to organise a movement there .
this means that , if such an institution has been created , it will apply a law in which the agency of cross-border cooperation has been registered .
however , we should not now be good together with which some colleagues in this House would like .
in particular , European rules are hindered that the public sector and large companies can make laws adopted at Member State level .
whether the measures we are going to take now are effective , does not clear before six years .
physical education has long been a reduction scheme , particularly in primary school from the first rainwaste .
indeed , the same could be said about the European Union agencies that double the work double at national level and promote the European Union &apos;s federalist plan .
when the Czech Republic was accepting the Schengen Information System , the Czech citizens were told that they can move freely and impedimently on the territory of the EU , including Germany , that the Schengen system will be foreseen and guaranteed .
as I understand , he will have a presidential candidate in Egypt .
I think we have achieved a great deal and I would once again like to congratulate Mrs Ferrero-Waldner , who did our delegation in the humanitarian work in humanitarian where we have achieved , works today .
is it not time to say at the summit that we want to have a strategic dialogue to achieve a strategic partnership ?
we are closely monitoring the implementation of the European Arrest Warrant , which , in my opinion , is one of the best instruments that we have judicial cooperation in criminal matters , but which undoubtedly needs to be complemented .
today , the most important factor is that President Obama has adopted the right decision to close this shameful detention facility , and his decision represents well America and has chance of American history and the general international community .
otherwise , many people can try to evade this task .
secondly , let me just make coordination and civil protection only three comments .
I would also like to draw attention to the deterioration in the situation of many borders , particularly the situation of the Polish minorities there , because after Poland &apos;s accession to the Schengen area will be very difficult to communicate in their families in Poland , particularly because of the high visa fee .
the statement has quite clearly stated that when the 2020 objectives will not be achieved , it is a serious signal to the Commission that the Member State has not introduced the necessary measures to achieve the objectives .
after all , Europe must be accused of what happens to him .
( RO ) Together we decided that European energy policy is to reduce the EU &apos;s energy dependence , ensuring supply security and transparency of prices .
( DE ) Mr President , unfortunately , my painful disease has so far prevented me to speak with our international audit , as I have done something about European issues .
we cannot accept that there are individual areas where the equality of opportunities are not consistently applied .
- The debate is closed .
nobody knows who were attackers .
undoubtedly , as Mr Stevenson has just said , the increase is not reflected in the price that farmers are asking ; they are accusing the gap between these paid prices , which costs as a result of the common agricultural policy based on incitement from production .
one of the most highest priorities was the issue of equal opportunities .
the principle of procedural principle for work is the basis of procedural behaviour , as well as the main factor which demonstrates the credibility of the company and its free means , and depends on access to credit and financing .
they are implementing regulations and additional texts .
the business directory companies are often located in another Member State than their victims , making it difficult for the protection and / or remembering of the national authorities .
this is the Commission &apos;s first proposal for mobilising the Fund in 2011 .
this would also make the lives of companies operating in the context of e-commervation .
if we are to meet the responsibilities of the Kyoto Protocol , the countries with growing gross domestic product must also construct large power plants .
the European Commission has also given its grave on the eve of pilot projects in order to achieve technological innovation , for example , carbon capture and storage .
after several months of debates in the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission have finally been agreed .
I really want to take the opportunity to recall the people who have succeeded in defending their identity in defence of decades , and just as resolutely condemn the mechanisms that are included in the Constitution that the rulers want to impose on Burmeses .
I was very pleased to hear you became heard that we need to achieve closer to our citizens .
the meeting of the Justice and Home Affairs Ministers , which will take place in the second half of this month , is a great deal here .
the European Union must not use massive words to the Cambodian Government to the Cambodian Government .
nevertheless , in the interests of the Slovak Republic - notwithstanding the citizens of Austria and in the interests of the Austrian citizens - in the negotiations with the European Union , during the negotiations with the European Union , before the deadline before the deadline before the Jasjevevoksk Bohunice Reators and 17 , which incorporated the highest standards .
I have to say that neither the Bureau of Qimonda nor the representatives of workers have not addressed to the Commission .
the European Parliament is aware that my colleague Mr Ashworth &apos;s report on the simplification of the CAP was adopted in May here in the European Parliament .
what are the bad populism , bearing in mind that the Members of Parliament are the population , or the voice of the people ?
another doctor in the opinion of a lack of association with Eurojust , which should have attracted at the centre of attention .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
in most issues , the negotiations went well and we agreed with each other on the basic positions of this legislation .
I will continue monitoring and reporting on behalf of citizens .
the European Union is committed to contributing to contributions , which , of course , also needs to agree on a burden on burden within the Union .
( ES ) Mr President , in November , exactly eight years since the oil tanker &apos;s oil tanker was 00 000 tonnes of crude oil , close to the Galicia coast .
only by implementing conflicts in conflict prevention and implementation of civil situations , it will be possible to fulfil the commitment made by the UN Security Council Resolution 1325 .
the first sector concerns humanitarian aid , which ECHO has already committed EUR 30.5 million in 2007 as basic measures to support refugees and displaced persons in different Chadian sectors .
this is an initiative by my colleague , Martin Kastler today , and it calls for sustainability in free days to rest , to be and reflected in free days .
any development of infrastructure that would allow new parties to access their parties is very slow , since vertically integrated monopolies invest mainly in order to strengthen their dominant position , and at the same time to attract new investors in a closed market .
coming back to the question of carbon , it is not only about maintaining our jobs , employment and competitiveness , but also an environmental issue .
so strictly applied 147 provisions , the President is of the opinion that the amendments will respond to all the relevant admissibility criteria .
consequently , it is also a key role for environmental issues and indicators in ensuring the well-being of the regions .
with this in mind , I would like more clearer information as to what you will see the structure of relations between relations between the relationship between the Commission , the Commission , the Commission , the European Parliament and the President of the European Council .
for these funds , this means stability and a reduction in setback risks .
unfortunately , I must announce that the negotiations were not successful and I therefore recommend in this House not to vote and vote on this important dossier to Parliament if the Commission is expected to propose a new proposal in this autumn .
but before we come to it , let us remember the importance of services .
the interest rates of borrowing than the requirements of credit should reduce moral damage that can arise .
in addition to some of those who support the transfer of data on PNR data , think that we should be politically demonstrative and show the Council on this - in short , to punish the Council from the arrogance of the Council .
once the problem of air traffic is on the agenda , Parliament started to organise transport into Strasbourg and , in this connection , I would also like to thank you on behalf of all those who cannot be here today .
( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we have already been discussing the issue of the various committees in this House of the various committees in this House .
with regard to the definition of on-call time , the Council &apos;s objective is often misunderstood .
I would like to know what the Presidency is currently concerned within the borders of the European ministerial ministers , which prevent progress .
and I think that EURES could play informed in two directions : those who want to enter other labour markets , but also to all of us and our Member States to change the movement in practice .
perhaps it is actually a maximum of the question , hence the rejection of a comparative method .
the EBRD has taken a proactive attitude to the crisis : supporting customers in our destination countries , we extend our resources and we intend to invest EUR 7 billion in 2009 , more than 20 % more .
this is a crisis that concerns our nationality as Europeans the common civilisational donation that connects Europe .
to conclude this debate in accordance with Rule 108 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure , 5 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure was one motion for a resolution .
some time seemed that it may not happen .
this expectation will be the last few more or more of your expectations .
there are someone objections ?
that would be an excellent opportunity for cooperation on the transparency of technology .
I also hope that all those involved in the process is also learning from the principles of better regulation .
the &apos; blue card &apos; and circle migration are the first steps in the right direction .
secondly , we very much welcome the point which you mentioned in connection with the electronic governance of the process , but we believe that the challenges of service providers are ultimately simply and effectively on the Internet and whether they actually find the people with the numbers of the requirements of the Member States , or we will simply create obstacles and obstacles .
Mr President , I would like to add my voice for my voice in support of colleagues in this House as regards the terrible treatment of albinos in Tanzania .
Euro-Mediterranean project ( vote )
the Commission believes that its recent proposal for a directive is a much more appropriate instrument to achieve our common objective : to protect children from sexual offenders .
as regards the use of security workers on board of aircraft , each Member State will have the right to decide on the registered and mandated Member State on the relevant Member State , but their role was promoted by the introduction of certain provisions on training and security conditions .
there are two budget lines : competitiveness and the environment .
however , when the Commission exists in the interpretation of the recommendation &apos;s interpretation , he was obliged to justify its decision to provide a legislative assessment of a supportive legal assessment , which confirmed that the car manufacturer in line with the European Parliament Regulation ( EC ) No 1049 / 2001 in line with Parliament &apos;s Regulation ( EC ) No 1049 / 2001 .
this has been again , because the majority of governments remained to believe that global markets can be self-regulated , nor would have dominated democratic market creation .
on the other hand , there are questions which include only certain industries .
Europe must stop what it represents a state of the rule of law .
yes , there are many bad things in Africa .
we need two thirds of the constitution by a major constitution , because it is a rule that gives guarantees .
we hope that they can be adopted by the end of the parliamentary term and , above all , thanks to the commitment made by the Czech Presidency .
composition of committees and delegations : see Minutes
we also support Mrs Jeggle &apos;s proposal in favour of the extension of a milk fund for the EUR 600 million and the extension of the school milk programme .
soil protection is therefore of crucial importance for the preservation of our cultural heritage and the natural resources .
there is no doubt that the constant rise in food prices in the EU is becoming increasingly urgent in the EU .
even today &apos;s amendments voted on represents an unacceptable infringement of the principle of subsidiarity .
now , my opinion has become official : the EU &apos;s own system of our own supervisory system was not proving to be - like some doubts - the place of placement not over the course of a few years , but rather in a few months .
Mr President , I have a modest advice for the EU .
( DE ) Mr President , I welcome the adoption of this report .
we believe that we have made significant progress , and not only on electronic communications that will hopefully accelerate the process for all citizens , but in this Parliament we believe that we have increased the rights of citizens in this process , so that they now have more information , even less than those who can get it in the interests of their work .
the adopted changes will improve somewhat of the Council &apos;s proposal .
now the EUR 270 tonnes and its production is profitable .
the limited access to funding for SMEs is the main obstacle to their creation and development , especially during the current financial and economic crisis .
the debate is closed .
let us talk about the rights of Members of the European Parliament : when the Commission will present proposals to this House , Parliament &apos;s services and other bodies will not decide whether these proposals are right or wrong .
it is a rare moment if the legislator or the executive gives one part of its mandate to citizens .
( applause )
however , as the Commissioner pointed out , the 19 Member States are involved in this draft .
unfortunately , they are only empty words , because the Constitution is not respected .
the possibility of condemning the possibility of introducing unilaterally , arbitrary and uncontrolled margins , which is indeed excessive .
I mean that when the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) has refused the urgent debate on homosexuality with Ugandan laws and the second urgent debate on the executions committed in Iran , they now want us to intervene in the light of President Ortega or him in the light of the demonstrations there .
in this context , it is important for the Member States to respect their tasks .
what are still beaten here .
encouraging and high quality jobs in the labour market were the Lisbon Strategy to create economic growth and jobs and the fundamental priorities of the European Youth Pact .
it is also clear that we urgently need to discuss the need to find new funds from the Union .
I believe that the harmonisation of this area is important .
until October , the coordinating conception will continue to support Member States to attempt to improve the security conditions in the region .
a few weeks for a few weeks for Mr Barroso , on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , where I have expressed and asked why we have no more communication strategy .
as a rather following discussion , we are about whether it is more important to make neighbourhood policy on the East or South .
it appears that the objective is not to make regulations more strictly , but simply creating a system where collapse is little likely likely .
the PPE Group recommends that you can devise thorough proposals and you can count on our support in this House .
many are asking whether the country of Sweden will still be able to take this responsibility .
by Mrs Thun Und Hohenstein , on behalf of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection , on the Internal Market Scoreboard ( SEC ( 2009 ) 007 / 007 ) ,
we are also proposing the precise amount of pensions , and not only the amounts paid , because they do not take into account future pension obligations .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - Mr President , in moving tomorrow in Brussels , the Irish Prime Minister could freely think of Ireland &apos;s words : &apos; Whether this has been wrong ? &apos;
such measures are necessary in order to limit the further increase in this extremely heavy metal .
from what you said , Mr Lehne , I understand that the crisis caused the European Socialists .
in order to speak up to the debate on climate protection policy until 2050 , I would like to draw your attention to the following points .
( ES ) Mr President , in these times of crisis , there are two types of policies and measures : proactive and stimulating .
( DE ) Mr President , when it comes to our oceans , then time is time to stand .
the compromise we wanted to reach with the Council , we were rejected .
we need a progress of social development and progress that includes production , particularly in areas such as agriculture and industry , employment with rights and social inclusion , not returning to the request of the Stability Pact , with it , with the associated liberalisation and neoliberal methods , as recommended by the President of the Council .
with regard to the &apos; binding &apos; measures of the temporary &apos; measures , I would like the Commissioner to assure us that they are applied for everyone who are respected for economic reasons for the short time and the exception that they are merely available to those involved in the restructuring programme applies to the widest extent .
it strengthens Europe &apos;s leading role in global human carbon policies , which is also approved in Poznań in December 2008 and international negotiations in Copenhagen in December 2008 .
I voted in favour of this report .
in writing . - ( FR ) I voted in favour of the report of universities and entrepreneurs because I think it is extremely important to develop training and the labour market .
it therefore seems to be paradoxical that fewer companies decides for the benefit of the railway transport .
in my opinion , we can take the initiative in original dialogue .
on average was 25 Member States where data are available in three areas in 2006 , 22.2 % in 2006 and for 2009 , their proportion was a reduction in 19.6 % to 19.6 % .
the policy under which the integration of the Western Balkans will be supported by the European integration of the Western Balkans , and which was agreed on , the latter was confirmed by the Council in its meeting of 8 December 2008 .
I wonder whether you remember what happened in the last 10 years plan in 2000 ?
therefore , in my opinion , we need to define more specialists in this area and raise the level of participation of local players in the project .
this will enable the application of management policies .
we need to consider how we do it in the future , so that Parliament can send its message previously to the Commission .
this should be taken into account in the motion for a resolution .
finally , I would like to mention external relations .
I also fear what can happen with the movement of capital by imposing a common tax base .
the EU must therefore be keeping Ukraine on the Union &apos;s radiation .
in other words , we support the flexible and pragmatic position , which was approved in the Council and which was proposed in the European Commission to exclude self-employment self-employed self-employment .
Mr President , the Socialist Group in the European Parliament wants to vote in favour of this alternative resolution .
closure of the sitting
firstly , both of these , they are likely to have acknowledged the enormous potential of Africa , or at least recently , that was the case .
( the sitting was suspended at 19.45 a.m. )
( RO ) As a representative of the citizens of Romanian citizens , I consider it extremely important that the European Parliament is participating within the framework of police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters in making a decision on protection of personal data in criminal matters .
corrigendum ( Rule 216 ) : see Minutes
they were evaluated , but they were inadequate .
a single strategy is basically not bad , but ....
we saw that passengers were an exclusive situation in these destinations without accommodation or even the opportunity for home .
this long-awaited directive on consultations in the European Parliament have always been incredibly difficult , based on Article 13 of the EC Treaty and regulates protection from discrimination , emphasising equal treatment on all basis .
assistance initially initially for Burma initially relocated to China because of the advocating attitude of the military dictatorship of the Burmese military dictatorship .
in accordance with Rule 168 of the Rules of Procedure , the ALDE Group wants a request to return to the Commission .
strengthening democracy in this country must be one of the European Union &apos;s priorities in this Neighbourhood Policy .
we can now talk more about antibiotics and increased resistance to them , but the problem must be seen and evaluated in greater depth .
as a result , there is a legal clarity which I am very sorry about .
in summary today Bosnia and Herzegovina needs to overcome the current political stalemate to move seriously towards the European Union .
we are building democracy in these circumstances the threat of arms .
in writing . - The UK Independence Party does not facilitate the attempts of the existing international organ development and improvement in EU attempts to intervene and regulate the ongoing network of international organs .
such a measure will help to eliminate poverty and allows elderly people to live with a decent life .
the US financial system with its investment banks , hedge funds and structured products which do not subject to the normal banking system and its numerous financial procedures carried out by commercial companies that have not collapsed in any balance sheet have collapsed .
( the President cut off the speaker . )
it is very important that there are more voluntary partnership agreements , their results would be carefully monitored and that , in these conditions , the human rights of those who are dependent on forests , but who cannot consider the management of these forests .
perhaps such data throughout the EU will make it clear to decision-makers that it is necessary to limit subsidies that go to one farm so that they are more beneficial to farms than to large companies .
in some countries , such as Portugal , Greece and Ireland , have austerity measures on women as workers , citizens and mothers .
author . - ( DE ) Mr President , anyone who has seen a region of Africa in the Great African region can be expected that it is a paradise .
I think he did a very good comment on this .
I sincerely want our Croatian friends for the rapid closure of the latest chapters and in order to confirm their willingness to become part of the European Community in a referendum .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I have many additional conditions for this report , the first of all the first , as someone which has been said a short while ago , relates to the provision which seems an administrative , at a time when Europe is facing a problem of wage guarantee or the redundancy of millions of workers .
why cannot be more realistic about the Structural Funds ?
Member States should ratify and apply the ILO conventions that are currently in force .
it was in the nuances of whether reminding international law and condemning the violent amendment of a neighbouring border constitutes a sanction ?
&apos;She Barroso , the new green agreement ! &apos; - it is a slogan of future elections in the European Parliament , which is now than ever .
addressing the campaign , the voters are asking us immediately where Europe is .
bilateral agreements cannot contain elements such as the principle of non-discrimination through the principle of non-discrimination and deletion of data and the ban on the profiling of data and data .
Mr President , one of my speeches in this House , 23 years ago , addressing the proposal to adopt the Toy Safety Directive .
in this way , and in the light of the confirmations of the &apos; number of agreements &apos; agreement on the agreements of the &apos; number of agreements of the &apos; process of provisions of the &apos; process &apos; , the Community remained true to the values facing peace , peace and solidarity , particularly with all the Germans in East and Western Germany .
more than ever , we need to avoid creating gaps between Member States - we need to prevent Member States &apos; classification as old and new and large and little .
it is cheaper than private legal action , because consumers compensate much more quickly .
we know that it creates jobs and increase competitiveness .
Mr President , I voted in favour of this report because I believe that today we need to look for innovative financial mechanisms .
we need to be very careful by replacing the weak , but very competitive industry based on market distribution and designation of prices , because that is the case that we are trying to save in an even worse situation .
this report promotes the free movement of researchers between Member States , national and private sectors , student centres and universities in the area of state private research ; the full subject of science by temporary needs and the orientation of scientists , recognising the previous experience of corporation than official qualifications .
the next item is the report by Mr Căsi , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on establishing a framework for establishing energy-using products ( recast ) - C6-0277 / 2008 - .
in addition , the resolution makes a mention of the forces of workers , trade union members of the trade union members and the Kurdish minority as well as the Kurdish minority .
although I acknowledge that Member States must be obliged to finance research and development in the automotive sector in this area , I believe that the industry itself should make allocations and demonstrate an additional obligation to reduce the impacts on climate change .
I believe that officials should be guided by relevant rules on how they should ensure both reliable financial management and good administration .
where does the rest of 60 % ?
we certainly need close cooperation in order to combat illegal immigration .
fisheries agreements with third countries , in particular of the EU &apos;s pelagic fishing fleet , is a strategic importance , not only from the point of view of maintaining the fleet .
why ?
in 2006 , the five members of the Ombudsman into total of 582 inquiries , 313 of which were already in 2005 and nine of the Ombudsman &apos;s own initiative .
those who are responsible for the delay and who are the promoters of such an approach , which have set in an extremely uncertain situation and Europe is now in a recession , Mr Barroso , and the majority of your committee .
in writing . - UKIP voted against Amendments 19 to restore the Commission &apos;s initial plan outside self-employed drivers from the scope of the directive .
the US domination of films which have been dominated by a huge market , must work harder by European films in competition on the world market , despite the fact that the quality of US practices and cathalists are much better .
the Commission &apos;s aim is to provide worldwide opportunities for both our fisheries sector and for the fisheries sectors producing products that we import .
I therefore support ALva Lichtenberger &apos;s proposed Amendment 38 , which strengthens certain aspects of the Commission &apos;s text .
we have maintained the same position , waiting for greater transparency .
however , I have already mentioned that the Commission considers the opportunities for improvement here , and what we want to achieve with Liechtenstein and other countries is absolutely clear .
( RO ) This report refers only to environmental issues , but it cannot or only refer to environmental issues .
as regards additional amendments to the proposal for a Council regulation , we must all keep in mind that the debates in the Council were very lively .
the continued under-representation of the citizens of the new Member States , including Polish citizens , is particularly unacceptable and not only with regard to the European Union civil service .
it is easy to imagine that there is a huge chaos and disorder .
however , we are still trying to give the floor until the President - he has gone for a few moments and I am replacing him here .
I would like to know whether Slovenian citizens , as well as people living in smaller Member States , would now be appropriate if they address French constitutes in these countries .
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection . - ( PL ) Madam President , the report we are discussing today is the challenge of collective agreements from the posting of the Posting of Workers Directive .
we should certainly remain a positive position on how the Turkish authorities have dealt with religious freedom , women &apos;s rights , the rights of women , the reform of the judiciary , radio and television regulations , and civil and media relations .
our desire is that the Commission would propose a regressive reduction in subsidies and dealt with the issue of direct payments more radically .
I particularly welcome the intention to carry out a major reform of Canada &apos;s fisheries management system , which also includes the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organisation .
it is not a question of whether Hamas dialogue is considered , but how it is considered and under what conditions .
is there a proposal to create a permanent coordination unit which will help coordinate action on cross-border , healthy natural disasters affecting cross-border , healthy Union ?
I agree with the politician of one Mabibia &apos;s politician that Africa must be grappled - as malaria , tuberculosis and AIDS - are currently the most dangerous disease that must be tackled in the fastest of the Mugabe .
your work is coordinating Member States in areas where the European Commission and the Union do not have competences .
therefore , as a Member of this Parliament , I am the right to vote in favour of this report .
the directive on the requirements of flag States was an attempt to extend the EU &apos;s competence in which the UN regulations are already in force .
this practice can be clarified because of the obvious contradictions contained in this practice , which make more important use of the alleged protection of human rights in order to intervene in countries where they are in the game , and allies , particularly the speculative and support of the United States .
the United States carry out the advantages of great subsidies and advantages from the governments of the EU Member States .
therefore , we are making efforts to improve them .
some have been released , others have left the country .
we also need to ensure that Member States show more common responsibility both to the advantages of the Stability and Growth Pact and in the light of its commitments .
access to Europeana should be improved by guaranteeing access to secondary schools , universities and other educational institutions for free access to students and teachers .
you have sent a message of heavy message in the last few days &apos; Mon , J &aps &apos;s language , I have a majority support &apos; .
the decisions made in the last few days that postpone us towards the umbulling of budgetary policies and that the Commission will substantly begin with the process of implementing it in carrying out every late than one of the social projects .
I therefore congratulate Mrs Jäätteenmäki on the creation of a suitable balance between the two requirements and the provision of balanced solutions strengthening the role of the Ombudsman as the role of moral authority and improve the transparency of the Community institutions , the right of a European citizen to reliable governance and good administration .
as regards the creation of a new website and creating local television plants , I would like to say that the Commission is creating networks of radio and television operators , which will move over European issues .
the most important thing , I think it is very important to see what can be specific results from the position of Cancún .
they can take account of different production interests and can interpret Community interests in different ways .
lastly , I would , of course , like to express my heartfelt thanks to all the shadow rapporteurs for their comments and assistance in drafting the report .
acceptable for the Commission is admissible to Amendments 3 , 12 , 18 , 20 , 23 , 38 , 44 , 46 , 48 , 48 , 50 , 63 , 63 , 67 , 67 , 66 , 68 , 72 and 76 , 76 and 76 .
our industry cannot and must not be the victim of a strong European currency .
this work is done in domestic households , but also in the institutions of childcare and elderly care , including the Europe 2020 strategy , which represents 5 % of employment of the whole of the EU from employment across EU employment , and it is increasingly increasing .
on behalf of the GUE / NGL Group . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I very much I valued the Commission and the Council with the willingness to reach an interinstitutional political agreement in the light of these new transitions , which we are experiencing in the coming months .
the debate is closed .
the airlines are saying the same .
the aim is to make the global banana market more predictable and more stable and thus encourage investments and economic growth industry and put an end to the conflict in decades that resulting from complaints against the EU in relation to bananas in 2006 .
in the case of the strategy , the EU will succeed in communicating with numerous local organisations with which the region is physically combined with the rest of the Danube , and which will strengthen the resources of the neighbourhood policy towards the Black Sea region , as recommended in the amendments tabled by my group .
perhaps the people thought that Parliament would be more responsible after the elections in June , or that Parliament &apos;s demands for openness and transparency , was rather the change of electoral promises .
non-governmental organisations have presented complaints about the creation of illegal and secret databases to preserve personal data associated with race and ethnic origin and have said that they are turning to the relevant authorities .
commercial considerations were prioritised .
among other things , we need to discuss one of the other points in the budget review , in other words flexibility .
11 .
I must say that this visit is taking place in favourable conditions .
I repeat : it is an intergovernmental mechanism that was planned in Ecofin , which requires unanimity .
the last question was the Kyoto Protocol and the continuation of the Kyoto Protocol .
I therefore urge the Bosnia and Herzegovina authorities to implement the reforms consistently and transparently in order to ensure swift integration with the EU .
this is another example of how EU politicians and officials are deepening to some subject and to the level of each elected level to bring together the political force .
why has the European Union criminal safe action , which concerns more than 20 million Europeans ?
I believe that I shall make the right conclusions .
if this happening will allow us to note a country and Community cohesion , which can only feed the hope of general solidarity and community , including internal peace that we have in Europe .
in writing . - ( RO ) I would like to refer to some of the main aspects and fundamental aspects and fundamental aspects and basic aspects of the Western Balkans report on common foreign and security policy ( CFSP ) for the common foreign and security policy ( CFSP ) for the common foreign and security policy ( CFSP ) .
the rights and parliaments of the citizens are strengthened , as well as strengthens the capacity of the European Union and the institutions and the three institutions , the rights which will make it easier for us to represent our continent in the world .
as I said before , this includes all the medicines , components and company products to illegal downloads .
however , when it comes to Ireland and the level of investment in Ireland and its national investment , I am rather optimistic .
according to the analysis of the Commission &apos;s legal service , this does not crucially change the development of this area or evaluations in this infringement procedure .
in order for the EU &apos;s neighbouring countries and the Caucasus countries to build a democratic society with the rule of law , their citizens must be smoothly adapted to the EU to benefit from our experience in this area .
in my opinion , it is extremely promising that the Ombudsman is working on several different levels : this is not just a matter of complaints , which is a key part of work , but also how resolutions or solutions are reached .
Michail Tremopoulos &apos;s report will complement the Commission communication on the European Transparency Initiative laying down proposals for the disclosure of data and the promotion of common management and transparency of partnerships .
Member States - and many Member States already fulfil the organisations of the Strasbourg Court - probably there are probably no additional costs to those that they already bear in this area .
we call for the immediate release of Aung San Suu Kyi , the immediate release of Aung San Suu Kyi , the immediate release of Aung San Suu Kyi , protestors &apos; protestors and a conclusion of a supranational convention which will also part of the National Democracy .
I agree that illegal production and selling of firearms , their parts and munitions are harmful to the security of all EU residents .
as Mr Feio has just said , text has been improved , and I think that if there is a public debate , then we do our jobs , and the citizens can be informed about what is happening in Brussels .
in the absence of European legislation , Member States have the freedom to develop its own rules .
the supervisory authority does not approve this small authority budget without a plan for staff needs , which has been included in a detailed budget .
explanations of vote
( SK ) Madam President , the threshold of the financial melture was criticised for the safety of financial products assessing the credit rating agencies for earning professional and itself .
European history will see what arrogant cases when the press has been controlled and that information does not allow freely to spread .
in writing . - According to the evaluation of fiscal fraud and tax evasion , EUR 200 billion every year , money which is being killed on the taxpayers of a wealthy world &apos;s taxpayers and the largest deprived people in developing countries .
why should we not do that ?
Madam President , in the southern and Central America increasingly adopting autocracy , a kind of neo-country neo-conemilism .
this dossier requires our common attention , so that these improvements can be introduced in future delay .
the Commission also set up an EU-wide laboratory laboratory laboratory which is supported by financial support every year in order to ensure coordination between the national laboratories of the Member States and to provide scientific support to the Commission .
the rapporteur - whom I congratulate the fate death - underlines that immigration with highly qualified work does not have a long-term solution to economic and demographic problems , given that economic immigration affects the labour market in the Member States .
in the area of abuse of women &apos;s rights , freedom of religion and criminal criminals , standards must be followed throughout Turkey .
everything is opposed to discrimination .
the &apos; Youth in Action &apos; programme is a means of including our children into constructive actions to develop the spirit of management , solidarity and tolerance .
the same applies to all EU Member States , although depending on the country the country can sign specific differences .
the European Parliament is starting from the principle of equal treatment access to legal and budget documents to carry out the same rights by the Council .
however , standards must be defined in a way that would exclude all kinds of interpretations .
so far the opportunities used to define tasks more precisely and it is very important to come back to it quickly .
one might argue that this is the current time to take European symbols and take the crisis , which is why the European Parliament should not spend time to symbols .
and thirdly , Croatia must urgently improve the management of EU financial assistance properly EU financial assistance in the proper EU financial programmes .
the industry is not a concerning future if we do not believe in scientific and technical development .
the aim of the Convention is to implement Article 21 of the UN Convention on the Convention on the Rights of the Convention , creating safeguards to ensure that adoption of children will take place under the best interests of a child and respect for the fundamental rights of the child .
so should support your position publicly , President of the Commission .
however , there are only seven tuna licences .
despite the deteriorating situation , particularly in Egypt and Israel , and the fact that we need to have such values on the basis of the EU &apos;s foreign policy , it is fairly difficult to find references to the Commission &apos;s proposals to human rights .
Member States should recognise and support the need for a balanced mass market , as well as the responsibility to guarantee European citizens the possibility of accurate and diverse information .
the representative of the Commission , at its meeting of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , has announced 19 April that the Commission is preparing to review this regulation for improvement .
Prime Minister Erdoğan has promised that 2008 is a year of reforms and we are insisting that he should respect our commitment .
a more balanced and considered solution would have brought about the Kosovo people the opportunity to enjoy from being membership of the European Union .
firstly , he decided that &apos; equal pay means equal rights of pension , equal holidays , etc .
the first difference is that we are cooperating between the new Bureau and the Committee on Budgets ; we are dealing with this pilot project , but it should be in line with the general binding principles of the budget procedure which will apply for the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon .
however , I had to vote against today .
there was no democracy , but a small group of people whose experience came from the old state apparatus and security forces .
fifth , the benefit of scientific efforts requires efficient management and protection of intellectual property , as well as the effective dissemination of scientific and technological innovation .
between 2007 and 2013 , a little more than EUR 1.2 billion will be invested in Northern Ireland .
in this respect , we support these reports on the macro-economic component of budgetary frameworks and the economic governance package .
what is good Europe is also good for all Member States and their citizens .
today we heard the statement by the chairman of the European Parliament and , according to my information , he supported by all the parliaments .
we will not be able to help them , but we have completed what was our commitment .
a sea climate , the sea will regulate climate , energy and other resources , which is changing in the 21st century .
I am still concerned about the question of whether our companies really receive access to the Indian market .
if we want to find a good solution , we must now have to lead ourselves in common sense and the situation that is constantly changing and the economic forecasts will certainly deter .
the amendment of this report and 4 calls for an assessment from the Commission in relation to the functioning of a new provision of cross-border solidarity .
that is why we propose discharge for the Police College .
over the last 14 years , this support has been paid at a very early stage , as soon as the documents have been submitted to the Commission or Ireland .
economic , social and political dependence should encourage the authorities of both countries to develop constant dialogue and cooperation .
the scending process completed the year later , in October 2006 and all 33 reports have been submitted to the Council .
the current EU budget is still too rigid ; its recent examples are negotiations on the food institution and the European Economic Recovery Plan , in view of the current environment .
we hope that the most newer proposals in Minsk contribute to overcome them .
today , the United States strongly supports the whole of the free world so that the world can be free terrorism .
other colleagues deal with payments or passenger transport .
I voted in favour of the own-initiative report because I believe that social and judicial penalties should be applied to any kind of violence .
it would be essential for European security to launch a crisis management of crisis management in November 2003 , particularly frozen conflicts .
Member States - such as France and also some others - who keep temporary measures in the area of access to their markets by Bulgarians and Romanians , particularly the Roma and the measures as quickly as possible , must remove political will .
I also support the proposal to work out young measures aimed at young people within the framework of the economic and financial crisis and ensure better integration of young people into the labour market .
this directive will facilitate the legislative , replacement of several old directives and also identified in the level of promised participative participation .
in this case , it has not been constantly changed and , above all in the light of the fact that the Treaty of Lisbon has become uncertain , we firmly know what the number of Members of the next parliament will be the number of MEPs in 2009 and whether we can revise this article .
this represents a serious threat to the environment and on human health .
the elimination of agricultural land for biofuel production has already doubled food prices in the world , so that millions of people are starving , while great companies earn more profits .
I agree with President Barroso that expenditure must be kept under control .
can the Commission say whether , and how it intends to take rapid and effective measures with the Member States to guarantee the accessibility of an Internet community to all citizens which , given the current great difference , is not at all guaranteed ?
by establishing this type of agreement with the regions of the world and the countries with the EU gradually seeks to promote the liberalisation of international trade , whilst continuing the negotiations within the WTO .
it is this mechanism that contributes to the emergence of speculation .
Madam Vice-President , the provision contained in the Lisbon Treaty on the citizens &apos; initiative is undoubtedly an important importance of European integration .
we know that , in addition to new technologies , the reform will address changes in maximum transport , as has been spoken here , and the maximum and minimum temperature of animal transport .
we can check emissions , but not of these factors .
we are familiar with an abyss , and in a few days after the Heads of State and Government will propose that we take a major step forward .
five multinationals control more than 80 % of international trade in bananas .
is it possible to reach an agreement on the safeguard clauses of protecting maternal and to reconcile work and family life in the private sector ?
it is true that this threat is one of the mass immigration policy of your feasible immigration that you can even more restrict , the consequences .
- Report : Reunal
the same applies to the relationship with China , particularly because today &apos;s 10 March , the date when in 1959 , a brutal uprising was for the occupation of the country &apos;s occupation by the People &apos;s Republic of China .
the report characterises , in particular , that it clearly describes the role of traditional energy sources , underlines the increasingly efficient use of new technologies in order to achieve the European Union &apos;s energy security in accordance with the objectives of sustainable development and to combat climate change .
alongside the fatal attacks of German forces in Germany with the United States of Afghanistan , the German forces in the occupied military forces of Afghanistan , on 4 September 2009 , whose victims amount to 135 killing and injured civilians , including many children : these are war crimes against the Afghan people .
you know , Mr Count , I have , of course , listened to your arguments , but I must indeed say that God &apos;s because they are offshore .
I wonder what you have done with my colleagues from other countries , such as the ICAbaste , so that such a reality .
the Council , too , is going to look carefully with the opinions of all Parliament that legislative proposals at last be reviewed and adopted under the ordinary legislative procedure .
I am convinced that the best way to solve the proliferation of nuclear proliferation would be abandoned from nuclear energy , because the use of its civilian represents a risk of itself , and it is not sufficiently excluded that civilian nuclear purpose is not used for military purposes .
now we can be sure that cheap money will easily access have no stable growth .
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution , which is the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and the European Conservatives and Reformists on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement , which is known as the name of ACTA .
unlike Parliament , Member States did not appear on compliance with the Commission &apos;s compliance with regulations on the financial instrument for development cooperation .
I cannot present the situation where the sheep have completely disappeared from the landscape from the landscape : they are simply part of the landscape .
having said that , I believe that the issues that Mr Audy and Mrs Carvalho - to which I would like to focus on other speeches - is worth everything .
emphasis should be placed on public decentralisation and extending transport networks .
if the EU body confirms that they do nothing , it will be easy to think what their actual intentions are .
although the impact assessment of the financial crisis is still difficult , as confirmed by my colleague , Mr Romeva i Rueda , is absolutely clear to us all that in this period was an exceptionally severe impact on women .
written statements ( Rule 149 )
all these groups and parts that make up the Iranian society are turning into dialogue and assistance towards Europe and the European Union .
we are well aware that the application of these rights is a prerequisite for Member States of the European Union .
the Convention also amends other conventions of this sector , specifically those concerning age minimum , fishermen , fishermen &apos;s medical review , fishermen and accommodation conditions for members of fishing fleets .
we have already been working together , for example on the availability of helicopters , and we have now defined construction blocks on business bodies and medical support .
this is the cause of the difficult rules and regulations that the Member States must respect .
( PL ) Mr President , it is good that today &apos;s debate on the evaluation of the Schengen acquis will take place at the same time as the European Union and also in the European Parliament , in the European Parliament , a major debate on the Stockholm Programme .
in writing . - ( PT ) This report concerns the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council on the implementation of certain rules which are nationally supported by export credit .
in other words , this means more jobs , but also addressing the issue of the slaughter economy .
her regime is guilty of thousands of deaths of thousands of innocent civilians .
I believe that the recent European External Action Service must respond to this situation and make more active cooperation with third countries relating to this situation .
with regard to the Commission &apos;s buildings and services , we should use renewable energy sources as much as possible because the Commission &apos;s emissions buildings come from the Commission &apos;s emissions .
such balanced legislation will help us to achieve the approval of the citizens of the European Union .
in writing . - I voted in favour .
the frightening volume of the demographic crisis should be mobilising us without delay to improve the situation of women continent .
the agricultural sector is falling , especially in the new Member States .
in most cases , the collection of relevant data will not create additional burdens on respondents , because the Member States concerned should be able to use the existing sources of existing data sources ( such as customs documents ) .
I have received a motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with Rule 115 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure of the Committee on Women &apos;s Rights and Gender Equality , on behalf of the Committee on Women &apos;s Rights and Gender Equality .
price free designation is the basis of freedom and democracy and all the attempts to limit totalitarianism lead to totalitarianism .
please talk briefly .
we must only think about the harmful effects of illegal and deforestation , especially how they contribute to growth .
unfortunately , women are still disadvantaged in a disadvantaged situation that publicly constitutes a lack of access to positions where political or economic decisions are adopted .
in this context , the Council deserves repeated confirmation that the negotiating framework and the accession partnership must be continued in the name of good neighbourly relations - particularly in order to find solutions to bilateral issues resumed by neighbouring countries , especially on border issues .
the European Court of Auditors has brought the financial management of 8 , 9 and 10 of the European Development Fund , and not only in its own annual report but also in very many special reports , and have truly good and valuable comments .
until achieving wider solutions , it is important that we can rely on solid agreements on our own if we are together implemented at the same theatre .
it seems that .
this substance represents a healthy group , which includes approximately hundreds of another substance .
sacred cows must be sacrificed , including those leaving the longer and more serious lorries , or , for example , travelling bannings in the European Union , cabotage cabotage cows and so on and so on .
furthermore , the directive provides for the system of a single simplified settlement regime for the residence and work permit in the directive .
the Arctic is also an opportunity for exceptional cooperation between states .
we have sufficient information exchanges in the areas of specialisation with Russia .
on 21 December , the border controls will be abolished on 21 December 2 May 2004 .
then again , the swift appearance of the scene of the 20th century demonstrations that brought to our continent .
the advertising of credit loans : if there is a figure in advertising in credit in advertising , it is compulsory to provide similar information containing similar information throughout the European Union .
I also regret that the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia did not invite NATO .
the regulation also adopted , among other things , to move the passport of trass passports , dogs and generation of one Member State from one Member State to another .
some countries in the Baltic Sea region are in a rather poor situation as a result of the climate conditions and sometimes weak policies .
look at that , there is a paradox .
that , too , is why we must already establish particularly strict security requirements .
rapporteur . - Mr President , this report is part of a package of company law .
these are completely neglected issues which are most affected by ordinary people in the Czech Republic and Europe .
chapters are running out of Turkey and threatening the accession process .
export control has a huge impact on EU trade policy .
at the same time , I drew attention to the attention of the competent authorities in France and the European Union that the criteria by the Member States separate subsidies are not sufficiently transparent .
we should particularly give her particular thanks for that .
we are trying to achieve an intelligent compromise .
on the Rome Agreement , he was signing itself from itself whether the Treaty could have been better because it responded to everything that was possible and responded to experience .
the measures of the Spanish Government and Juntal are facilitating the European Maritime Safety Authority and the services of the Clean Neterement , who gave 11 satellite pictures of 11 saturative picture and two cases and Mr Barrot mentioned and Mr Barrot has just mentioned the Commission &apos;s response , so I will not repeat it .
therefore , the perspective of additional sanctions seems inevitable or even desirable .
we would prefer very separate legislation in this area so that we can optimally help people with rare diseases in a positive way .
( DE ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the protection of seafarers is a concern for all of us all , but I would take the freedom to ask how we can guarantee it best .
this requires a multidimensional approach , including employment measures which would enable parents to work on development of tax systems and ensuring basic services such as housing , high-quality childcare and education and the protection of children &apos;s rights .
it is a question of fair elections in a European country and this cannot be a party political issue .
however , we need to acknowledge that the European Parliament has yet to do important work , because there are questions whose solutions are outlined in the Dess report in general , because the opinions of Members went different on the problem concerned or even the opposite .
Mr President , I believe that freedom of the press in the country is properly assessing only in the light of every aspect of this issue .
since the maximum advertisement is 20 % of the time between two adventures now 30 minutes , although we wanted to maintain 45 minutes for European screens .
7 .
given the importance of access to raw materials , the Commission welcomes the discussion of this issue in Parliament .
( loud applause )
it is actually the case that Member States and regions that do not produce the surpluses must be unfamiliar with the major burden on this reform .
on behalf of the EFD Group . - Mr President , I would like to thank Mrs Merkies and for all his efforts at a time when the report was negotiated between the political groups .
the EQF should be dealing with restrictions on the decision to be repealed , focusing on increasing the transparency of qualified qualifications and , in the case of cooperation , the decentralised approach reflecting the increasing complexity of European qualifications .
many people have still missing .
it is really good that we have a rapporteur , who can listen , his visits to the Member States , as well as the end results of the report .
the &apos; Europe for Citizens &apos; has been an important step in the last few years to bring Europe closer to Europe closer to the citizens : in the past , too often Europe is a bureaucratic unit that is cut out of the everyday life of its citizens .
lastly , I would also like to emphasise the importance of complete transparency for the basis of the basis of the basis of the initiative and the financial support for organisers .
the proposed emissions trading scheme should be applied to all flights , including third-country flights , for common late reasons .
we want to help Europe only in order to ensure that there is action on the basis of reasonable common rules if the authority , the city or the regional entity must be reasonable .
the logic is that time programmes are mature .
the Committee on the Environment also wants the certification of sustainable biogas .
the work on the directive on violence against women , but at the same time , there are countries in the EU , including Poland , which , unfortunately , allow women to be used for legally approved violence in the area of sexual and reproductive health .
in my opinion , these arguments are not fair and not appropriate .
however , since the report has been adopted , I managed to push through trade preferences to one year starting with the entry into force of these measures .
we are not threatening to do so , but this option we have .
the ideal of equality should be achieved with specific and sustainable measures , particularly in the area of education .
texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
partly as a Member of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and partly as a Member of Parliament in the Committee on Budgets , which is like two faces of two faces , I would like to talk more specifically Mrs Guy &apos;s report on the new budgetary system and the impact of the Lisbon Treaty on the new system .
( FR ) Mr President , Mr Van Rompuy , Mr Van Rompuy , first of all I would like to say that there is all agreement with the objectives of the 2020 strategy .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in my political career , I have often mentioned that the impact of supervision is often important as the impact of the announcement .
for example , the price of transport fuel was an average of 12.7 % , while the average level of inflation was rose by 3.6 % .
secondly , I would like to represent the political forces that jeopardise the traditional organisations - which Mr Martin Schulz was prepared to recognise and for which I am grateful to her , to call on our Parliament and you , Mr President , for moderation and setting certain voluntary borders for our mandate .
in this case , the President of the Council should take into account the legitimate interests of each Member State .
the Commission will continue to put pressure on the Italian government to end the crisis and not to finish the procedures against Italy .
opening of the sitting
the low value of agricultural subsidies , and difficulties in obtaining agricultural loans did not allow agricultural technologies , which is why there was very low levels of hectares of hectare .
this assistance is required to help workers affected by unemployed and the relocations caused by globalisation .
we , the European Union , is useful if Kosovo is a viable country .
is that we want and we can act ?
Mrs De report - and I would like to congratulate the shadow rapporteurs and the work of the shadow rapporteurs - is an important step in providing contributions to this debate .
the members of the Commission and the Council would be very good , if the spring European Council tomorrow would be finally agreed at the spring principle tomorrow .
while this is regrettable that 14 Member States had to receive justified opinions , at the very least , I welcome the fact that the Commission is strictly initiating infringement proceedings , because there is a complete gap between the requirements of the acquis and what is actually happening .
( FR ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , firstly I would like to congratulate Mrs Bushill-Matthews , who , as a message of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , gave us an excellent lesson from democracy .
the most important deficit in this respect was the tens of tens of military vessels under the generation of Finland in August 1914 which recognition of the fact that the Russian number of Nuclear Member Steme is 10 days ago .
the next item is one-minute speeches under Rule 150 of the Rules of Procedure of the Rules of Procedure .
that is our political programme for 2008 .
the content of the Charter has not changed since 2004 .
on the subject of human rights : the large number of executions in Iran : there is a constant consolidation point to us in Iran .
will the European Court of Justice to accept this result ?
in particular , this will lead to a more comprehensive use of legal proceedings relating to approximately 95 % of acceptable legislation .
there would be a mistaken mistake - which has been done on some of the energy policy decisions - grant room for actual investors , that is , too little room for room for companies and too little support .
if this proposal had gone , the REACH GHS would not have improved .
I have also noticed that the objective is rather than tobacco growing rather than smoking .
finally , as an important tool of environmental policy , inter-regional cooperation should be used by inter-regional cooperation .
what does the Commission intend to do about this ?
these values urge that we protect them through a common foreign and security policy .
to date , certain indicators and the Maastricht Treaty - now the criteria for the Maastricht Treaty - the criteria for the Treaty of Lisbon - that this objective is possible .
the crisis in the dairy sector has clearly shown that the common organisation of the milk market requires resources , particularly quota mechanisms to address issues of market imbalances .
the Ombudsman is not , the Ombudsman cannot be , and neither the embodiment of democracy cannot be , the Ombudsman cannot be .
it is at least just as important for budgetary and financial responsibility to define budgetary principles and financial regulations .
over nuclear power plants are produced more than 30 % of European electricity and nuclear power have advantages which cannot be denied , whatever the political views we have .
I voted in favour of this report because it guides guidelines for improving young people &apos;s education and reduce unemployment .
in fact , the definition of family law is not work , it is one of the competences of the Member States .
the new name is &apos; financing instrument for cooperation in the Middle East , Asia , North and South Africa and South Africa .
there is much to be done in terms of self-regulation , but obviously , without binding legal instruments to combat exploitation cases not only individuals , but also criminal organisations .
the effects of inequalities can be seen very clearly when compared to compared with countries that have the most higher differences , such as Eastern and Western European countries .
what is more - and this is something that has not considered - the during this transitional period will have to be introduced about the payment of dividends and bonuses .
we are guardians of the treaty and we will ensure that the agreement would be followed .
the resolution on this issue cannot be focused on the issue of nuclear safety without addressing the most important nuclear safety instrument for nuclear power .
on behalf of the IND / DEM Group . - ( DA ) Madam President , I would like to thank the Committee on Legal Affairs and the rapporteur for the errors of the report on the indicative legislation on indulgent legislation , which fortunately does not exist in Danish .
our reports deal with previous time .
poverty and the European Union .
if necessary , they should offer capital for financial institutions at risk of bankrupt .
in the case of distortions , we can have different opinions - though they are .
in February , the United Kingdom announced its national demigration strategy , which gives investments in the network of mentioning networks , improves support for people suffering disease , and the public will launch major awareness-raising campaigns .
it is a sign of failure and a tyranny : failure to facilitate major political , economic and social problems ; the individuals of the tyranny .
14 .
it is in your history that Europe must take commitments on this front .
you are talking about measuring the social impact of the European Union &apos;s policy .
establishing requirements for the transportation of animals means that we do not only protect animals , but , above all , that means care of people &apos;s safety and health .
in my opinion , however , we do not protect information .
on the contrary , the average and longer perspective solutions must be taken into consideration and assessment of the reasons why this market is not working properly , together with the maintenance of best sustainable production and not forgetting the right of the consumer to a fair price .
in writing . - ( DE ) I voted in favour of the report on textile names and labelling .
among other things , the summit was failed by the so-called financing of the so-called adaptability of the developing countries , because those who took obligations was too little .
however , we understand the benefit of reducing the fragmentation of research and the critical mass of skills , knowledge and financial resources .
I support the demands of the Turkish Government regarding the continuation of the reforms of the country in order to improve the social dialogue on the labour market , as well as the increase in women &apos;s rights and gender efforts , particularly as regards gender violence .
we must now begin negotiations on the Arctic Protection Agreement , as was happening with regard to the Antarctic .
I therefore welcome the abolition of customs barriers - however temporary also - and I am sure that in this transitional period , we can assess the process on which the Commission proposed .
the GUE / NGL Group cannot support this directive .
some critical comments are difficult to explain to the Czech citizens who have been waiting for years for years with the US programme for the visa waiver programme .
ladies and gentlemen , the right of asylum is a principled human right .
this Parliament has always condemned violence and terrorism and have in favour of political solutions .
how are you going to now dialogue ?
only it is right by voters .
would the European Parliament to bring the budget closer to the citizens ?
that said , I would also like to express my voice that I still have doubts about Article 20 .
therefore , my group will support and support this directive , because it achieves a decisive progress that will have a good impact on the lives of Europe &apos;s residents .
the first of these is the support of the EU institutions and institutions for small and medium-sized enterprises , in the context of protecting misleading business practices , and the second is to protect competition by preventing unfair competition , including misleading and comparative advertising .
the committees involved should meet together with the aim of exchanging &#91; ... &#93; and more clearly defined by a majority and minority .
( HU ) Recently , we have noticed that public opinion will follow this issue with particular attention , particularly those matters that we are discussing , means the application of the application and on-call time .
we all have obvious legislation to abstain on tobacco smoke in our jobs , just as the obvious right of children will not be able to present tobacco playfures .
however , this must happen through educational and debate action in every Member State in order to instil the evaluation of equal value of all people with a new generation .
firstly , the creation of environmental jobs , in order to promote the possibility of supporting more companies that create environmentally friendly jobs and that young people are employing young people , whether in agricultural , production and transport and services .
firstly , I have already said that we must cooperate in this area with other international partners ; it is one of the reasons why Belarus should continue to observe the principle of multilateralism and why we must act alongside the countries covered by the Eastern Partnership in order to find agreement on this issue .
in this sense , that is a good compromise .
I think that this debate is important and I admit that there are certain important approaches that should be followed .
the coordinated response was a separate issue .
how can we be sure that these private companies are not achieving a monopoly or oligopolistic or impose prices that are not acceptable for consumers , in these current pupils , and , in the end , also ultimately quality education ?
in this sense , the Commission &apos;s recommendation providing minimum requirements for environmental inspections in the Member States , during its adoption in 2001 , was a great success in 2001 .
( DE ) Mr President , I would like to express my heartfelt sympathy for all those who mourn family members or friends .
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to express my warmest thanks to the rapporteur , Mrs Roth-Behrendt , and his two shadow rapporteurs , Mrs Ries and Mrs Grossetête , for their constructive and intensive cooperation which helped us to reach agreement at first reading .
cloned animals are often happy or ill and the majority is not born in life .
the outcome of the Lisbon I will follow the approach that I support , but I do not think that the causes of change will help Europe &apos;s future .
Member States must improve the adequacy of pensions through the fight against gender discrimination in the labour market , particularly by reducing income differences by 2020 by 2020 .
use us as much as possible because today we are drawing up the next report on the common foreign and security policy on the Common Foreign and Security Policy and will give us an opportunity to defeat in our own house in 2011 .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
there is a real risk of having kept nuclear reactors in good reactors , but about the wrong political control of nuclear reactors .
we - the countries and Parliament of Europe - have been asked to resort to this problem , and we , ladies and gentlemen , help is not only over the last few years , but for a very long time .
these two banks have been given a major amount of money into the loans and , therefore , their work must take place in accordance with clear criteria and principles .
Mr Vigenin , should you answer this question ?
we need to realise , however , that certain measures need to be taken and that the coordination of our political and economic activity and standardised fundamental rights are not balanced .
its potential is much greater .
I was visiting Sri Lanka in the composition of the delegation .
we must not forget here that , depending on society , strong European forces can make powers .
in this debate , Mr Schulz expressed the view that I should inform the European Parliament .
the Commission must now respond to the Commission .
furthermore , I would like to support the calls from our Group to release the imprisoned journalists to unconditional and complement Azerbaijan &apos;s right to be properly released .
I have the first time to stand up for the Members of the Council &apos;s representative of the Council , as the Swedish Presidency , the whole Council , and also the whole Council , Mr President , sincere congratulations .
( SL ) Madam President , when the revolution on the streets of Cairo is receiving , the Egyptians are elected by the political system and its leaders .
I myself spoke about the need for Europe to fulfil our responsibilities , so that we could reliable .
however , I believe that an agreement is useful and we are adopting it tomorrow without problems .
I would like to know whether you believe that , in the light of the disaster in the Gulf of Mexico , we have harmonised and relatively small ceilings of responsibility that we need .
we therefore call on the Member States to participate in this initiative and give it enough human resources and financial resources .
these include nearly 50 countries where citizens are suffering from the consequences caused by the consequences of implementing the recommendations adopted by UN conferences .
so the objectives set in the agreement is undoubtedly important .
this is another important reason to support this report .
the people of Europe do not deserve anything less !
we are calling for a new Europe , a Europe of sovereign countries , which will build relations with Russia .
often , things are being broken .
does the European Commission intend to review Parliament of 13 March 2007 in the light of 13 March 2007 to find a global approach that takes not only of users , but also for the interests of licencessive holders and creative industries ?
if the region proposes a coherent waste plan , the European Union will allow funds to be introduced .
it is also important to ensure full transparency in the implementation of urgent funding and a strong political political way .
he will allow that , when he winners general elections , he will host a referendum if all 27 Member States have not yet ratified it .
the resolution gives a very good idea of a dynamic situation which is full of opportunities for the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia .
we are therefore organising a demogramme demography which participate in NGOs and the informal meeting of ministers on family ministers .
( DA ) Mr President , I voted against the budget report , but I would like to thank many fellow Members - who , unfortunately , have voted in favour of this report because it gave a miracle report here in the European Parliament and in the EU institutions , compared with the outside world where we will in fact create these regulations .
that is why the Committee on the Environment would have liked that its timetable would have been taken into account , because it would enable parliamentary statements on this subject .
firstly , this concerns content and second procedure ; I repeat some of the things that all the groups have already expressed very well .
I am in favour of postponing the decision confirming the implementation of the EU general budget for transparency and rigour , not only on the full supervision of the full supervision of the entire EU financial resources .
therefore , when I had to have chosen in your novel food report , I was originally opted for the wellbeing of food safety , the consumer , environmental and animal welfare .
it can make preference to users who open up new airlines &#91; ... &#93; according to EC competition law &#91; ... &#93; .
after all , we are aware of the gradual reduction in investment products .
many women remain concentrated around limited options , makes part-time work or less painful work or work where their skills and contributions are underestimated .
we were told that the European Arrest Warrant would help to fight terrorism , and we all know that it has become more .
tourism provides significant opportunities for social and economic development , but also for social and territorial cohesion .
the recent promise of the Commission and the Member States to almost EUR 500 million is a major and important step in this direction , and we should all support it .
they say that every generation is facing new challenges .
it is regrettable that the resolution was not the voice of this House , because the position of the socialists supported the interests of European citizens .
in principle , it is vital that Europe does not forget or do back to all those women who are not fulfilled with freedom and hope .
the obvious objective of this destruction was to eliminate all the evidence that the citizens of this city are Christians from Greece .
for some reasons , we have been an unprecedented wave of general strike throughout Europe .
I also welcome the idea that the implementation of the directive could increase the amount of waste and reporting of it , particularly with regard to the responsibility associated with the achievement of collecting objectives and consumer responsibility .
patients need to have complete confidence that the medicines that they consume are really the things that they expect .
of course , we need two different dossiers to urgently take any emergency measures and we could be sure that there will be sufficient time for a comprehensive review .
in addition , you have also generously created the budget line to encourage Member States to build such mechanisms or at least among links to deal with kidnapped warnings .
the European Commission is saying in its communication on the new social agenda : &apos; the Commission calls on all the Member States to set an example and ratify and implement the ILO conventions that ILO has recognised up to &apos; .
it is important that sanctions arising from sanctions are as small as possible in countries whose sanctions are applied to political regions .
in writing . - ( PT ) The European Union &apos;s consumer policy is a key element of the consolidation of the internal market .
we also believe that the whole proposal should approve through codecision on the basis of Article 199 of the Treaty .
the reference to the fact that this must be regulated at global level is familiar with the climate debate .
I am not surprised that ordinary Irish citizens are confused because they have strange allies among the votes - McM McDonald and Mr Farage .
action taken on Parliament &apos;s positions and resolutions : see Minutes
on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group . - Mr President , in the course of this debate , we are impartially investigating these mass graves , to protect these areas and put an end to the harassment of those who carry out those investigating .
the measures that the EU has adopted in the short , medium and perspective of the EU are leading up the Union clearly towards economic union .
the members of the June List will protect a referendum in Sweden of the Lisbon Treaty .
we are working with the social partners , because we believe that the idea to work with social partners is part of our European model , and we believe that in this way we can help workers to help workers to prepare for the sustainable and low-carbon economy in which we want to manage Europe .
fourthly , if , on the one hand , the excessive expenditure of some Member States , including the United States of America , cause large numbers of credit deficits , on the other hand , some emerging economies are experiencing a trade surplus .
as was apparent in the special debate and the alternative proposals put forward here between the Commission and the Council between the Commission and the Council .
these are sectors relating to the greatest geopolitical risk .
as the full impact of specific forms of gambling in gambling online gambling services are not yet known , we need to act quickly in order to meet this deficit in knowledge .
this has to be one of the Copenhagen results .
that is not the agreement .
above all , we must remember these small and medium-sized enterprises , which not only work for a large part of our citizens , but also have huge potential in the area of innovation .
if we go down that route , there is no more investment in this sector .
the Commissioner had the comparison with discourse , but we know that in the event of maintenance , the hygiene standards are not in the case of meat products , so I should question whether both Commissioners &apos; arguments are right .
in Poland in Poland , the opinion of the German Chancellor much more important Herman Van Rompuy and the louder voice of Mr Cameron has much more important President Barroso .
is the Commission prepared to do at least household households ?
I sincerely hope that the Member States adopt the action plan of the White Paper &apos;s Pierre de re Couber seriously and that the Commission will provide the necessary guidelines and , if necessary , economic assistance from the development funds available .
it is true , Mr President , that we need to regulate the financial markets and introduce safety measures .
in recent years , differences between Member States have started to decrease but , at the same time , there has been a significant increase in the individual Member States .
in my opinion , improved legal regulation can play in this respect , which contains a study on new and existing legislation on minors .
if the country fulfils conditions , it will allow it to continue the accession process and , finally , it can join the EU .
nothing !
obviously , he takes negotiations with the representatives of both sides , but I consider it important that he will have the support of us and other American countries .
of course , it can say that it is better late than never , and with this amendment , we can at the at least guarantee that resources can be used in full , and I hope they will also achieve very quickly and in the best possible way to those who are suffering most .
we must ensure that there is no doubt as to the entire statistical system and Eurostat to control the fiscal data proposed by the Member States .
if it wishes to comment on these reports , I would listen to interest .
I therefore warn that there should be no decisions before the International Criminal Criminal Tribunal in the Hague has made a decision on this issue .
with the collection of objective methods and comprehensive evidence , the Goldstone report was brought to these cruels , as well as listing the provisions of international law in Israel with the richness of its brutal rights .
Mrs Weber stating that the Hungarian media law offers sufficient protection to sources .
why do we continue then to the torture of our citizens , taking jobs and livelihoods ?
even the introduction of on-call time cannot be considered fully or partly to rest , as the Council called for .
this has led to the concept of institutions , drives and neighbours .
what scientific and financial reliability of such assessments can be attached ?
it is important that we feel concerned about the situation of women who have come to Europe and kept detention centres .
I am therefore delighted with the result that has been achieved .
I would briefly like to explain why .
when discussing the issues arising from the Lisbon Strategy , I am pleased that it represents a wide-ranging position on sustainable economic development , economic growth , environmental responsibility and social responsibility .
let us hope that the referendum will put a stop to confrontation and , and yet the start process will result in a permanent peace .
firstly , the political context is .
on Belarus , these steps are significant .
I ask you where where was a missing European idea , which was the basis of the Union &apos;s foundation ?
there is also concern to reduce the competitiveness of the sector .
I hope that the Commission will add its progressive legislative proposal for an effective market mechanism for the future of the common agricultural policy and the necessary funds to ensure the stability of the feed and cereal market , and guaranteeing security for livestock farmers to plan for the future .
many of us were at that production .
we have strengthened the Commission &apos;s proposal by extending the concept of vulnerable groups and adding questions such as meeting the needs of families , individual parents and large families , the promotion of active integration and access to culture and entertainment .
we are regulating ourselves ourselves , so we have no place on the market .
it is very hypocritical that the EU is currently interested in the rights of children when its policy will lead to the alarming unemployment workers , temporary work , temporary work , the privatisation of livelihoods , privatisation of the health and education system and commercial interests of sport and culture .
I would like to say officially that the European Commission is entirely respecting the principles of autonomy and independence set out in the regulation , and the Commission does not play any role in the Institute &apos;s strategic decision-making process .
from the implementation of the regulatory procedure
so I believe that the debate that we are going this evening is fair , useful and democratic and must provide evidence of effective action .
my second point concerns the public debate itself and to a great negative response in relation to agriculture .
it was important to oppose the proposal to incorporate development policy as part of our foreign policy .
we need to invest and compare control mechanisms in the European Union and the Member States .
a strong economic modernisation and participation in the Eastern Partnership strategy can contribute to this task .
we wanted to have revenues for protecting and improving forests , as well as clear performance standards for new power stations , in order to open up power plants working , without having a previously existed technology of carbon capture .
the fact that the aspect that is referred to as another pillar - namely rural development - have curtailed financial planning in the medium term , and this must accept more than EUR 20 billion cuts on the basis of the proposal of the Commission and Parliament .
14 .
I believe that the &apos; Safer Internet of the Programme &apos; can genuinely resolve these problems .
( Parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment )
the tourism sector is very important for European companies and the Member States .
more generally , the guidelines are needed to ensure a strong agency that is compatible with the positions expressed in accordance with Mr Chichester and Mr Vidal-Quadras .
unfortunately , at European level , the people are in favour of and contradictory people .
why is it not at a time when there are serious concerns in all our countries with regard to energy security and Turkey has a geographical position that will enable the Caspian pipeline is still open chapter ?
this is indeed .
( RO ) I very much welcome the measures proposed by the Commission and the Council .
high Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy / Vice-President of the Commission . - Thank you for a very important and interesting debate .
I would like to congratulate and thank the rapporteur for improving this prospect and for giving it a very positive direction of this strategy document .
( FI ) Madam President , in my opinion , it is extremely important that we should try and achieve productivity claims to products , but it is right that we need to ensure that they are attractive and the scientific basis .
I would like to express my appreciation for this Stockholm Programme , which gives ambitious political efforts to improve this region by 2014 .
firstly , security of supply - and this has been achieved .
leave my words : that is a mistake .
moreover , change is also good for Turkey itself .
dumping and subsidisation was investigated on the basis of complaints and , according to basic regulations , the complainants will return to their complaints .
the policy provided for in this respect is the response to the obligations of the European Development consensus on equality between women and men in all our cooperation policies and practice .
in order to prepare people to life and in operation in society , schools should lead them towards lifelong learning , a broad European Union programme , which finds that people in every age are capable of learning , thus viable and active members of society .
there is therefore a question of banking secrecy at EU level , and it cannot prevent full exchange of information between tax authorities on the basis of a request .
they need to speed up job creation and maintain a long-term and sustainable fiscal policy .
the decision of the Belarusian authorities to end the OSCE mission in Belarus is regrettable .
you are taking both of them .
in fact , with the entry into force of the new treaty , the responsibility for protecting investment from the Member States transfer to the Union .
I propose that they talk with a few workers &apos; Wednesday - Parliament &apos;s parliamentary demonstrations .
we must , in all circumstances , move towards the system of own resources .
in writing . - ( PT ) This report covers a number of important issues and some of the findings which we support .
that is , it was not their fault , but apparently by others !
as we have already heard , it costs EUR 60 payments amounting to average Belarusian citizens with wages .
as overwhelming children &apos;s number of children is increasing in the 27 Member States , and that a lifelong health product is highly important in relation to the ageing of the EU population , it is essential to welcome that the Treaty of Lisbon will also receive competences in the area of sport .
market policy continues in the same way as in the past .
however , this must mean - if we want to remain credible - that we are driving two things : energy policy , but also human rights policy by improving the human rights situation in those countries .
( FR ) Mr President , this is indeed a time when we need to know what happening .
we need to give up the fake dilemma between solidarity and competitiveness , because they are not unified .
this can be dealt with at a regional level .
the situation is the case - and this can be associated with some of the questions - that some half of a pre-registration period of pre-registration periods - half of the pre-registrative period of pre-registration periods , so more than a million requests to two weeks .
it is unacceptable that some persons , the extremists , decide on the benefit of violence and even in favour of terrorism , and doing something on behalf of God or religious belief , stating that they are talking about others or that they are higher than they higher , and that innocent people with this violence are bringing innocent people .
Mr President , in order for what strategy to be effective , I think it is essential to create strong links on objectives and existing policy instruments , and I can see the four key policy instruments as implementing mechanisms in the EU 2020 strategy .
I call on the Commission to pay particular attention to small and medium-sized enterprises and guarantee them fair and non-discriminatory conditions .
I would like to ask the Commissioner to do something about this issue .
first of all , I would like to say that , for me , the fight against gender equality is nothing to do with the views of left or right , nor is the fight against men or women , but the fight for the whole of society .
as I said at the beginning of the debate , the turning point has come to the history of the Non-Proliferation Treaty and the arms control process .
the situation ended with the deaths of the people who used the right to freely express their positions .
I understand Parliament &apos;s position .
we therefore need to draw the right conclusions of the situation .
in my opinion , publication of the list of EU funds being able to prevent possible abuses and thus promote openness and transparency in the use of EU resources .
this is happening with special restrictions and significantly restricts the scope of these legislation .
rapporteur . - ( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , many thanks for the constructive comments at the end of here and , above all , for the constructive cooperation .
firstly , we often satisfy the condemnation of the imposition of inefficient visa bans , which are ridiculously elected .
is one or two things in the area of national supervision ?
a thirty victim has been victims of thirteen pacifists , for example Beether and the Silenan Sileskan .
as Mrs Doyle said , we do not understand why these amendments are unacceptable .
( the sitting was suspended at 18.00 )
the aim is to prevent budget deficits and excessive debt and promote supervision of economic policy and coordination of its policies , thereby supporting the Union &apos;s economic growth and employment objectives .
we need to ensure fair competition and refuse to allow that our efforts to combat climate change places us world trade in world trade .
over the last decade , there are too many villages in the Balkans .
Member of the Commission . - We always follow the facts .
in fact , there are significant signs of the improvement of certain economic indicators , particularly in international trade and consumers and investor confidence .
at Community level , industry forms 26.4 % of GDP , but there are also Member States where industrial production produces only 14 % of GDP .
whoever is responsible for the responsibility , it is absolutely unacceptable , and it completely unacceptable that the text paragraph 3 initially set Israel and Hamas on an equal footing .
they need only monitor the gestures of our own party .
I would like to remind everyone of the British Airways aircraft in 1982 , on the road to New Zealand , the cloud cloud and , in particular , a serious incident from the 747-704 clouds in 1989 .
in any case , this is more credible , but also more cynically , the Minister of the United States of American policy , Mr Rosengew .
she has tried to distribute &apos; Progress &apos; budget funds around the microfinance facility before the European Parliament has made its decision .
I agree with the proposal to reduce the deficit of the transposition of the Single Market Directives by the end of 2012 .
however , the inclusion of several business business and interest stakeholders were reduced to only 12 months , with quarterly reviews .
we cannot apply double standards because this would damage the credibility of the EU , and also in place new conditions .
instead of full membership of Turkey with Turkey will be enough .
all of us need to invent again on the bicy .
we do not consider better sources of information , whether we write book or we want to prepare a real and looking for an interesting prescription .
if we are undermining the accession principles , we do not have a single principle .
it is in the interests of Switzerland to the young generation and , of course , it is in the interests of countries surrounding Switzerland who want to participate in student partnerships with Switzerland or individual school partnerships and also Erasmus programmes .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it is clear that consumer confidence has been shaken by consumer once again , and consumers are , of course , asking themselves what the national authorities are doing and what the EU is going to do to stop these polluting actions .
historically , European paperworkers have been the most counterfeit paper , but in the second half of 2008 - for the first time - was the most counterfeit paper more than EUR 2008 .
there was no more than that .
- ( ET ) The Council was agreed on a number of important points .
the German Presidency set out three objectives - three times three times 20 - and the centre of the agreement that we confirmed in the European Council , and which I hope tomorrow will be adopted in the European Parliament , which will respond to the objectives we set out in the European Parliament .
I deplore to Mr García García &apos;s death and condemn the lack of freedom and democracy in Cuba .
( FI ) Mr President , Commissioner , first of all I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Kacin , for his excellent and comprehensive report .
finally , the Commission welcomes the study presented yesterday minorities and discrimination yesterday .
did you know that the Netherlands has now been the greatest net contributor for the European Union , and that the Greeks have been the major recipients of Dutch money ?
however , we need to be careful that the shops are beginning to cut prices paid to the farmers .
( RO ) On 30 March this year , on 30 March , there are 277 airlines on 17 countries .
having lent EUR 250 million for increasing production , they built new plants in Poland , Romania and Hungary .
of course , price stability is a general objective , but the interests of farmers cannot be a national or Europe of Europe to guarantee it .
indeed , the conflict has also been discontinued by the Russian and the United States and financial resources that have come from Arab countries and China .
this amendment would provide significant expansion of the grey market , which is why it must be rejected .
this is currently our priority .
( the President continued in English )
however , I have said - and I am also repeating - as the honourable Members know well it was deadlines as they were , so that the Council and the Commission had to act in a very short period of time .
however , it is important to choose the right specialisation , the classes &apos; initiative must be coherent , as well as the entire EU industrial policy , and it has to be appropriate and balanced .
the situation in the Mediterranean in the Mediterranean is a lesson from respect for human rights .
that is why the EU and its Mediterranean partners , specifically Egypt , negotiations within the Euro-Mediterranean region .
I support many of the amendments that have been tabled , which are primarily to specify the objectives of the proposal and making them more closely .
a great deal has been achieved in the past 12 years : he has implemented successful structural and economic reforms and efficiently against corruption and organised crime .
we must recognise that there are problems and that there are measures , actions and attitudes that may not be perfect .
all the taxpayers that can be adopted is the most driver of the so-called Tobin Tax .
GDP is a production dimension , nor the general reflection of environmental sustainability , resource efficiency , social inclusion or social progress .
there are certain country specific issues .
we want to fulfil the whole pain in the referendums of the democratic legitimacy .
allow me to say another word on the subject of human issues .
for young people , unemployment is particularly worrying , as you said .
cohesion policy is laid down in the Lisbon Treaty .
now , however , another step has now been taken .
this would certainly help improve cooperation within the Union .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , firstly , I am grateful to the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy and for the Committee on Regional Development and for the report that we are discussing today .
I voted in favour of the report because I believe that improving economic governance in the European Union is very important .
ladies and gentlemen , if Europe has the opportunity to implement these new technologies and use the new technological natural gas of Europe , we could improve our common economy in order to reduce our dependence on imports .
in Northern Ireland , you are in your consideration with your mindsets .
it supports the Stability Pact and currency policy and the irrational criteria for other macroeconomic guidelines , as well as devaluing constantly on production and labour .
I therefore support the idea that the proposal from Mr Almunia on 22 December 2004 on 22 December 2004 a plan of strengthening Eurostat as soon as possible .
this will require an ambitious approach that we can reach 3 % first of 3 % and then in the medium term .
the current situation should be examined and determined as soon as possible as soon as possible .
the large number of children living in the housing children , which is a subject of today &apos;s debate , do not mark the abandoned children , but actually marks the children of poor parents , who do not commit their difficult personal circumstances .
this is a proven instrument and , in accordance with the decision , a cornerstone and the first specific example of the principle of mutual recognition in the area of criminal justice .
the main instrument for export controls are Regulation ( EC ) No 428 / 2009 establishing a number of important changes in the extent to control of exports of dual-use goods within the European Union .
I would like to raise a few issues .
Greece , Italy and Spain cannot manage this alone , because these countries are under strong pressure .
well , Mr Rack , do not worry , we began at midday at midday and there is currently at 12.02 at 12.00 , so everything will go well .
Mr President , I would like to point out to the Commissioner that , in my home , I consider the recycling of electrical equipment themselves to cope with local collection procedures .
the fears of the attacks on the PKK attacks , and that could lessen .
we therefore find a common approach in this fight , based on the rule of law and the Christmas law .
we should not only support , but call for respect for human rights in the EU and in its external relations .
well , I have another theory now , namely that perhaps women who , in the committees , in the European Commission and in this Parliament , make small businesses to work on young women are actually fighting for their own interests .
economic growth achieved almost 30 % in 2007 .
the MONUC mandate will undoubtedly be extended , but completely it needs to be re-evaluated and strengthened , so that this sort of growing violence can be prevented .
secondly , I call for a government of the Belarusian Government whether it is not the time to lose the travel restrictions on Chernobyl &apos;s children .
this importance can be faced with the terrible history of my country and the human rights violations that are currently taking place .
I would like to thank Mrs Matias for the excellent work .
nobody is against transparency .
I now ask that the speakers should honour their speaking time .
the behaviour of the Belarusian authorities creates astonishment , because it is contrary to what happened during the election campaign , when we saw various forces - the real opposition and an active civil society - the creation of an active civil society .
the Commission has requested the Council and received a mandate of negotiations , which gives powers of negotiations specifically to Liechtenstein on how to eliminate the current weaknesses system for money and fiscal fraud .
the Commission is adopting measures to stabilise the financial system , which will help the banks get back to their customers .
the Energy Label directive has a crucial role to play in the EU to achieve the objective of energy efficiency by 2020 .
solidarity or equal chance of competitiveness does not read anything .
in particular , I would like to explain , Mr President , that , before these reports at Commission level , we asked to vote at Commission level , and the European Commission gave us a guarantee that total reciprocity will be guaranteed .
it has been adapted in accordance with the new challenges of globalisation , climate change and demographic change .
that is all well and good , but there have already been the first signs and trends in the so-called &apos; political consensus &apos; consensus of &apos; political correctness &apos; , prohibiting , and who knows , sooner or later that they are punishable .
we need to make the next major leap in our common foreign and security policy .
however , we must make clear that countries with some of the lower standards will understand this soon when their standards are increased - that freedom of movement should not become certain competition which has completed abandonment of social standards .
we , the Members of the Greek Communist Party , have therefore voted against the resolution by confirming its position on imperialist EU and its expansion .
secondly , the study raises the rapporteur for the proposal and the shadow rapporteurs , whom I would like to thank once again , to thank once again , a number of questions worth separately , but probably that the Council will make a great deal of opposition to this proposal .
Europe is facing a huge economic crisis and must look effective ways of exit .
I am pleased that the recent security forces in Kosovo and that members of the Serb community belongs to the police of Kosovo .
the European Commission has undertaken to draw up a proposal to form an intergovernmental European Heritage Label into a Community cultural institution .
I therefore support the decision to make the stress tests on nuclear power plants in the territory of the EU .
the transport system that works well on the local level is better than the provision of which due to over-regulation is completed .
author . - ( NL ) Mr President , my most important question to the Council is , in fact , whether it needs to be mistaken .
they result in higher production costs and may distort competition with countries where the legislation is less strict on this issue .
I would point out to the position of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , which stress that sport must be valued socially and particularly for young people as an instrument to teach tolerance , respect and inclusion .
the minimum wage is certainly a good idea , but it has to be in the form of the overall package of general incentives for small and medium-sized enterprises for small and medium-sized enterprises .
I would also like to address the other side of the subject , of course , instruments that we use to promote and support democracy in the area of human rights .
I will probably not deal with questions in order for them , but I will try to respond briefly to them briefly .
I think that this is still our greatest crisis .
the European Commission has suitable instruments and mechanisms to monitor the financial policies of the Member States and correct it .
( applause )
in July last year , the attack in Iraq in Iraq in Afhhazia in the camp can only mention a brutal and cruel attack in Iraq in Iraq .
this is only postponing the crisis .
as a result of the adoption of this report , Member States can take concerted measures to combat this disease in the European Union .
now that the President of President Alsada have started to adopt their people to take brutal measures , of course , we condemn the operational consciousness of his operations and established sanctions that are little benefit .
there is only one Europe and Europe is our home .
we have witnessed this , and the whole world knows that the US Government was forced to print money - in the first phase of USD 700 billion and a recent phase of USD 600 billion .
European industry is facing not only the effects of the economic crisis , but also of the new challenges of a globalised era .
we know that terrorism represents a global danger and therefore requires a global coordination worldwide response , which is necessarily covered by information and exchange , coordination , coordination of third countries , the implementation of a global anti-terrorism strategy , where the United Nations Group plays a leading role , and close cooperation with various regional and international organisations included in the fight against terrorism .
of course , the inclusion of a report on biometrics for our group was a visa instrument as a traffic in the motion .
it is more important now than ever .
increasing the energy performance of buildings will help reduce the consumption of primary energy and carbon dioxide emissions .
2010 will therefore be a year of combating poverty .
in recent times , the Slovene minorities in Italy , Austria and Hungary have suffered great pressure .
the report &apos;s balance is a result of focusing on animal well-being and respected is the problem of antibiotic resistance and cost-effectiveness in relation to farms .
I am aware of the creation of Union owners of less than 10 metres in the United Kingdom .
in addition , he has supported by the management of President Mbek in the management of SADC in order to reach the people of the Zimbabwean population on the choice of 292 March .
one of these deeper reasons is the extreme poverty in these countries , which will make the countries weak or enable them to fulfil their national tasks .
in any case , even though the introduction of a voluntary instrument is aimed at facilitating cross-border trade , taking proper account of the needs of consumers and companies , it must be considered that the existing European legislation already satisfy the needs of the different players involved .
( the sitting was closed at 13.00 )
Mr President , I am grateful to the honourable Member for intervention .
unfortunately , however , all the European Parliament &apos;s proposals are adopted .
combating rising extremism in Europe ( debate )
yes , such an application had been done when you have read you , Mr President , on the abolition of a large number of Members .
now I would like to address the forthcoming Partnership and Cooperation Agreement that the subject of this debate .
I support the country-of-laking system that promotes these standards and I believe that it would be an acceptable majority of consumers and producers .
the fact is that the Commission has been aware of the interests of citizens of the Union for a long time following the neoliberal policy .
at the request of the Court , the Culture decided the decision that implementation of the programme means desecritication of the heritage , and the Constitutional Court was trying to stop it or decided that it should be stopped .
in view of this effective cooperative cooperation , there is no time for amending the structures in this area .
once again , we are once again proving that they were not right .
this situation forces the EU to import over 40 million tonnes of protein crops and results from long-term agreements allowing duty-free imports of oil and protein crops , such as the Common Customs and Trade Agreement and Blair House .
we are well aware that the important social interest in ENISA is an important social interest , I hope that more resources will be allocated .
we need to work today , and we must not waste time .
( SK ) perhaps it is cold here too , because the Commission is taking our Parliament and its opinions very little account .
this text contains an ideology of Europeanism .
Mr President , you may think that , since I left this Parliament , I do not have any views on Parliament &apos;s 2010 programme .
for there to be hope of successful agreements of fisheries countries , we cannot allow a situation where fisheries resources are threatening to unilaterally exclude the existing fish stock .
however , it is also clear that all countries cannot take strong measures recommended in a relatively short period of time .
this is simply not fair .
( HU ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the future of Europe is affected by whether it is capable of developing societies that have and support children .
support for human rights defenders have long been part of the EU &apos;s human rights and external relations policy .
the rule of law demands that criminal responsibility must be independent , not collective .
I voted in favour of the report , but it is only because it will be very clear in the report that there is no progress in the accession negotiations with Turkey .
what about the visa waiver that we are talking about here ?
the proposed revision does not meet these requirements , and that is why I voted against .
there is question to whether such approach is worth taking place .
thirdly , in France , as usual , there is no intention to establish any specific examples and , as I said , it remains up to each Member State itself .
we know that the Commission will present a recasting reference proposal over the coming months in the coming months .
the second anomaly anomaligation is that , although we are allowed to determine our own composition , which is a vitally important institutional issue for all the European institutions and the Union itself , we will not allow us to choose to choose the structure of a Member State of one of the Member States and , instead , the perception of asbestos to Strasbourg to Strasbourg to Strasbourg .
the term &apos; food security &apos; highlights the need to take specific measures to increase global food supply : this is a human right that includes physical and economic access to healthy , adequate and nutritious food .
in writing . - ( RO ) We often say that young people are the future of Europe .
I also welcome this EU initiative to foster active support for the EU &apos;s active support for vaccination programmes which , if implemented , has managed to significantly reduce tuberculosis rates , as confirmed by the statistics of EU Member States .
Mr President , Commissioner and Vice-President Barrot , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to begin by thanking Mr Moreno Sánchez and the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , because our discussion on the subject of FRONTEX and EUROSUR on this time .
our ports are clean .
we have achieved many hundred years , but much remains to be done .
with particular reference to the Consumer Scoreboard , what methods of the Commission intend to use in order to processing data on young consumers and how will the necessary information ?
the rules need to be implemented according to honest and uniform standards .
the Portuguese Presidency under the management of a socialist government has a duty to try to implement change .
now the world has changed and these mechanisms must also change .
demand has increased dramatically , because the economy and the population has increased , and also growing demand by individual means of transport .
those who claim that there is no freedom of expression or diversity of information in Italy , and they know it .
I agree with Mr Stevenson , namely that the current price increases means only small incomes compared to farmers in comparison with the share of the trade sector , supermarkets and market speculators .
that is what we have achieved in cooperation with the Council - and it has to recognise that , by exerting some pressure - so that we can solve the problem in the medium term .
I agree with what the role of the Committee on Petitions has been said by Wallis .
State aid policy is an essential part of competition policy , allowing equal opportunities for everyone in the single market operating in the single market .
the need to provide assistance to women who want to establish their business .
unfortunately , the capacity of independent work can compete with a number of restrictions , including limited access to spare parts and technical information .
if we do the job in good time , we will be able to implement innovation and still protect jobs .
in the light of the current situation of civil aviation , that the draft Treaty creates major doubts about the scope and possible consequences .
mobilisation of the EU Solidarity Fund (
Parliament shares our wish to create a protective , more efficient and fairer European asylum system .
today President Medvedev at the G20 meeting in London .
on behalf of the PSE Group . - Mr President , I would like to congratulate our both rapporteurs .
there are constructive hearings of the same places - whether international or what is motivated about understanding or from stupid .
that is my first message .
that is a very important factor .
we must therefore allow the origins before their use .
it is a question of financing and all Member States of a common asylum policy , the European Asylum Support Office , and all the challenges we are facing us reaching decent agreements .
you do not even know how you will vote today .
the last thing I want to say is , in fact , linked to Mr Schwab &apos;s statements on all studies .
these two connections are obvious .
this has obviously created more jobs and , in some cases , have promoted a regional economy .
I thank you for your support .
in other words , this will require scope and keeping secret .
in order to give a stable basis for discussion , the Member States should present generating balances of generations .
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs . - ( NL ) Madam President , the package contains smart proposals for the protection of consumer rights and privacy , but unfortunately there is no coherence there and thus creates legal uncertainty for businesses and for consumers , since the scope is completely unclear .
the possibility of the European Union and the international community to change the fundamental realities in Somalia are small situations .
I am talking about transparency .
although it is not perfect , it is a step in the right direction .
when it comes to the closure of post offices , every two weeks &apos; collection , always shows in a different direction , and the corruption impact of Brussels does not highlight .
if the European Union really wants to develop an impact on foreign policy in the world , then it must also have a financial industry .
I am very pleased to express my support for the trans-European project that provides added value not only for Europe , but also through the world at long last tuberculosis .
( EL ) Mr President , firstly I would like to congratulate Mr Capoulas Santos on his report .
the report on territorial , social and economic cohesion , I believe that a comprehensive framework which emphasises the integration of cohesion policy and its contribution to improving global competitiveness in the EU .
it is equally important to present specific proposals on mutual reciprocity and I welcome the fact that your report recognises the importance of mutual measures intended for the protection of the internal energy market .
life insurance ( implementing powers conferred on the Commission ) ( vote )
that is why we have chosen them - we wanted to choose people who smooth traffic for all European citizens so that they receive a better life , and that is what they are going to do .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as I have already reminded the Commissioner , we have repeatedly addressed the classification of chemical substances and mixtures in recent months , a system of classification , labelling and packaging , which is better known as the GHS arising and in which I am a rapporteur .
it is therefore more than justified to condemn the persecution of a number of non-governmental organisations , in particular the organisations involved in the protection of human rights , which is currently happening in Egypt and support the campaign of freedom of association , managed by many social movements in the country .
Hungarian Socialist heritage by eliminating the immense contribution of energy in order to make the Hungarian democratic and free European country and on the basis of a constitutional mandate which the Hungarian citizens gave us in the free elections .
the European Union underlines the need to achieve a just fair , sustainable and comprehensive peace in the Middle East and call on the Palestinian Israel &apos;s debates and resolve all the outstanding problems of the Palestinian conflict , including the main problems .
immediately now I would like to address the specific article of the new treaty , which we have talked in the past : Article 24 of the Treaty on European Union .
firstly , it is right to leave the proportion of biofuel to 10 % , because if there is some problem in Europe , it is a problem of energy security .
unemployment , unhelth healthy working conditions , lower pensions lower pensions and problems of access to quality public services are among the main causes of poverty , which will enable us to talk about the feminisation of Europe &apos;s poor .
4. it calls on Israel to stop military action that died or compromise civilians , as well as the extraordinary target killing ;
however , as other Members pointed out , this is not possible without any intelligent leadership who understands the traffic rule and have sufficient technical knowledge .
( ES ) Mr President , this accident , of course , compared with other incidents relating to oil tankers or even container ships , such as Naples , on which the International Maritime Association should be adopted by the IMO .
it is high time that the crucifix crusts which were fell in Mussolid during Mussolid , lose of state schools .
this is why this important measure is a good step in the area of electronic waste recycling , because it allows us to improve resource efficiency and ensure return of raw materials for manufacturers .
I do not know whether you are still going to introduce a tax on financial transactions .
but let us consider the difficulties associated with this .
the main objective was to provide financial assistance to Bulgaria and other countries that have been forced to decommission their operating nuclear power plants , even though it is against these convictions .
Parliament &apos;s administrative body should see situations in the future as we have today foreseen .
it must be stressed that Europe is dealing with Mexico as an important partner on supplying raw materials .
we need to be determined .
I would also like to express my thanks to my colleagues &apos; in the Council and to all those who cooperated them , for the strong support that they offered to the Presidency , thanks to the Commissioner , Mrs Grybauskaitė , who completely fulfilled the role of a neutral mediator , and finally I would also like to thank the workers in the three institutions that took part in these negotiations , for their very valuable and professional contributions .
this is particularly good news for those living in border regions and , above all , to those who suffer from rare diseases and need special treatment that is not available in the country of residence .
police cooperation at EU level therefore takes place on the basis of an intergovernmental approach .
in writing . - ( NL ) Opel Antwerp &apos;s former employees of Antwerp and four suppliers remain committed to how GM .
the Thai soldiers need to stop shooting , and violence against the demonstrators cannot and not lead to a democratic solution .
instability in the region remains , despite the success of the ISAF operations .
as far as the above quotas are concerned , I believe that there has been a little wrong .
here is the explanation of my vote .
over the last year , it has become clear that there is a need to act more actively in this area , mainly by the Member States , but also of the European Union .
as regards the gender pay gap , the question of approval of appropriate strengthening and equal treatment principle must be resolved .
it is very difficult to ask the speaker to finish , in particular , if it is in full , but trying to comply with your speaking time .
if you look at other products , goods and services - roads , railways , railways , airports , digital routes , is that we are still very far away from the needs of energy , particularly gas and electricity , to achieve our European energy policy objectives , solidarity , competition and the interests of consumers .
the harmonisation of goods transport , particularly with regard to multimoday transport , is an absolute and logical step that should have a positive impact on the EU internal market .
however , for our group , however , is a special concern to the issue of energy poverty and what we are going to do to deal with it , because it is still a very serious problem in Europe .
antibiotic resistance ( debate )
it helps us with the constant work of the Economic Cooperation Cooperation Cooperation Cooperation and Development in developing guidelines on adaptation to development cooperation .
we have also laid down business incentives .
( HU ) The military junta has promised that the 2010 elections will come free and democratic .
we are also seeing progress on the increased confidence of consumers in the work on the roaming of consumers , and that is only the beginning .
however , I am more considered , and after the hearing of the arguments , that we can maintain multilingual access , although in the new form .
all these things take place and , if we express our concerns on them , the local elections could take place in my opinion in a much better climate .
if we now say that we adopt 100 % a solid braking system that excludes human errors , that is not true .
are we not learnt anything about the Second World War ?
the economic crisis has become a problem throughout the world , but the economic crisis is also an opportunity to deepen transatlantic relations and redistribution .
in writing . - ( LT ) While the Lithuanian economy has no great importance in the Lithuanian economy , this report is important for my country of origin .
I want to emphasise in this connection that , if the report on equality between my women and men was adopted in 2009 , the majority of Members of the European Parliament supported the view that women must be easy to access contraception and the possibility of abortion .
on the one hand , the creation of political parties at European level and their common European status is provided from the timely , urgent and public information .
it is extremely important to prevent these three countries ( Belgium , Luxembourg and Austria , who have been released from the current exchange of information exchanges , which other countries have already introduced .
both thinks that some of the remaining intervention measures should be progressively fully abolished and that agriculture should be subordinated to the free market .
some of this money has not been used in Italy and we are cooperating with the Italian authorities to see how the programme &apos;s money can be redistributed in such a way that it can be used to deal with the situation in Lampedusa .
it is no wonder that many of Burma to be trying , because they have no other choice .
therefore , at the European Council , the Council and the Commission called on the Council and the Commission before the European Council meeting in June with the June Competence Programme for managing migration and refugee flows .
is the Council prepared to accept this ?
I abstained like a request from the Tibetan conference at the Conference Member State , and I would ask that the resources already existing already exists .
the rapporteur highlights the advantages that the euro will lead , but the risks and problems that may occur .
we saw the enthusiasm and gratitude , and I think , Commissioner , that development should be taken into account in all European Union policies .
but I believe that the harmonisation and injustice of the law is unacceptable , causing fear and humiliation and can encourage heating in human societies .
( DE ) Mr President , I have a question for President Pöttering : do you still have the right to vote in this Parliament ?
if the British Government wants to save money , he may be introducing the euro , give the European Union more powers and responsibilities and keep the money at the expense of those who are working on the financial policy in Britain .
in addition to President Barroso &apos;s encouragement will be encouraged by the debate today in the European Parliament .
the aim of terrorist networks is to undermine peace and stability in the region , which must not allow progress .
here simply , there is no alternative .
with a traditional archiving system will not give up its traditional archiving system .
I agree that this is necessary .
( DE ) Mr President , as you know , 28 countries now , including 25 Member States of the European Union , have lost their control of passengers from their common borders .
in that case , we have done well with our work .
this strategy must certainly include courageous objectives and innovative measures .
we often say that EU small businesses are the heart of the European Union .
the report by the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , on the legal migration programme of legal migration .
the equivalent of these arguments can lead to an unimaginable ecological disaster .
I would even say that the majority of micro-entities do not understand its accounts , which has also confirmed the Commission &apos;s research .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , I shall be very brief , because a great deal said .
the final problem is the method of carrying out elections .
we are talking about energy supply to Europe , which the EU &apos;s policy should regulate as well as gas and other energy sources .
the RoHS Directive on the use of hazardously use of dangerous substances and the Council resolution on the Community Action Programme on the environmental pollution programme resulting from the environmental consolidation of the Council is aimed mainly against the use of cadmit , because Europe is a region that this carcinogenic poison is particularly threatened .
this must be achieved within the framework of the limits values , otherwise the directive will be useless .
animal amounts of premature age or other diseases .
we must therefore draw the right conclusions with regard to institutional and practical solutions .
- ( CS ) Mr President , I am grateful that Mr Schwab achieved a compromise with the Council , which increases consumer rights and includes my proposals on Internet trade .
we therefore expect this opportunity to be used to improve the energy efficiency of buildings and to create millions of new jobs in the next few years .
as there is one minute to speak , there is no time to raise specific questions of policy .
the procedure that prohibits the local contractors and workers are increasingly displaced against the European Union and its rigorous method .
we are sending a large delegation to the G20 Summit , which will discuss the possibility of exit from the financial crisis .
this is not only a problem in developing countries in Eastern Europe .
when talking about the disease , the number of signatures , their control - look at what happened in Petersburg ago - none of these points will not respond to the criteria that we and the rest of the world we need to free and fair elections .
I would like to give an answer to some questions and prepare for further cooperation , because we are not a conclusion .
I would add that the Council &apos;s common position will be transferred to a revision of the opt-out .
improving the programmes improve the Court of Auditors to apply the principles which will ensure that European added value is promising that the objectives are clear that the programmes are both realistic and simple , if a reasonable possible possibility , and that accountability is understood .
I was informed by the Italian authorities through the European early warning system of other EU Member States of the thrown epidemic in the counties of the European virus , Emilia Romagnogne .
the Soviet leaders would have saved millions of human lives , but they did not save millions of human lives .
it is important to highlight that an opportunity for EU membership was a force for the development and reforms of the Balkan region .
if the British Government wants to save the money in Britain , it can do so in the area of research to immediately adopt a European patent .
Mr Šeden expressed only a few months ago in the European Parliament , here in the European Parliament , clearly committed to such a strategic partnership .
it was &apos; How can we achieve better coordination : people between better cooperation and division of work , global development policy between different partners ; the World Bank , the World Trade Organisation , the International Money Fund , the Commission and all the major donors ? &apos;
hence , I am confident that we will continue to see such behaviour .
Monday :
instead of investing billions of euros in new nuclear power plants , we must put it money in developing renewable energy .
in conclusion , I would reiterate that the EU is on the basis of establishing a permanent dialogue with all the emerging countries alone and also in relation to each partner to the implementation of similar human rights , with a compulsory clause that emerges in all since 1995 and requires respect for international law , whether in the form of the International Criminal Court , or the implementation of social and environmental rights in the form of social and environmental rights .
as the Chinese approach at today &apos;s meeting , I am absolutely confident that the United States , the European Union and China will fulfil their responsibility to the negotiating table and will serve as an example for other efforts to conclude the safety of future generations .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that it is time to stop the endless debates on the Lisbon Treaty that we are still witnessing today .
I think it is extremely important to convey to the authorities in Belarus that they must follow the commitments made by the OSCE commitments to respect human rights and protect minorities , and this is an important part of respect for human rights .
you have changed fully indifferent to the fate of European workers .
the Copenhagen Summit is only successful if we can give shared responsibility and solidarity .
I am pleased to see that they share our concerns .
as rapporteur or , as draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , I would like to emphasise once again with regard to the use of genetically modified micro-ouropeans that the European Parliament &apos;s role in the supervisory procedure must be increased .
finally , my second question concerns the timetable and you spoke about problems with the Commission and the budgetary authority .
thirdly , I hope that we will be able to show that it provides a European added value for all .
we must not forget that the European Court of Human Rights has rejected Mr Battisti &apos;s request to protection and that the European Union is currently relying on respect for fundamental human rights , which is an important component of the European Constitution .
we approve of sending the EU police and justice mission to support the authorities in Kosovo .
in light of this , the Council Presidency and the Commission called on the Council &apos;s report to the Council , in cooperation with the SIS I work , in cooperation with the relevant bodies , which contains a detailed evaluation of these two resolutions and comparison with their comparison .
we should therefore open up to the citizens of Belarus and make them easier for visas to them .
recently , the official commission of the Lithuanian Republic &apos;s official ethnic committee in the Polish minority minority and Mr Lederadeski Tomaševskis for his question to Mr Barroso &apos;s question on respect for minority rights .
I would once again like to thank the two rapporteurs , Mr Grosch and Mrs Ţicăd - for a constructive exchange of views .
format of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ( vote )
( SK ) The protection of minorities is unquestionably one of the most important principles and in my country , the Slovak Republic , is really guaranteed a standard of protection of minorities .
we are impatiently awaiting urgent development on this issue , including the minimum income income , so that people can live a decent life .
with the new common agricultural policy , we must strongly support - and we are actually doing the income of farmers within the first pillar and support measures for rural development , increasing investment in agriculture and food security .
while a number of countries around the world have already established an immigration policy with relative results , the majority of our countries will delay their options .
as you all know , the Member States will be able to establish higher infrastructure taxes during support .
we in Europe must not be afraid of criticising the Israelis and the Palestinians .
it has to be acknowledged that there is a real risk of &apos; Europe &apos; , but , given the reluctance of some Member States , the roots of their national identity , we need to act .
in countries , the countries whose productivity allows the selling of several vehicles - for example in the United Kingdom - and it is also so severely populated in areas where the dealers are economically logical to sell the same different vehicles .
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Christensen has contributed an important contribution to the development of the original document .
we , the Belgian Members , was elected at a time of food crisis , which was involved in hens and similar challenges , and one of the Commission &apos;s first proposals for the White Paper on Food Safety , which was made up to 83 proposals to ensure food safety in the European Union .
in writing . - The relationship between the UK and other European countries are still our greatest strategic priority for decades .
we cannot rule out human errors or technical lights , and therefore both rail safety plays an important role .
every packet is still one of the EU cigarettes .
this can be achieved in particular with the support of small and medium-sized enterprises , which are one of the main features of the Member States &apos; economies .
as everyone can imagine , every day imprisonment means terrible suffering suffering from Shalit and his family .
you are right to do so , because it is simply conformitant in accordance with the association agreement and the commitments that the European Union has taken before the European Union .
we are talking about promoting entrepreneurship here ; we are talking about entrepreneurs to allow businesses to develop in the European Union .
I voted in favour of the proposal to extend Article 186 as well that the European Commission can respond quickly to crisis situation , because it establishes an instrument that is important .
the role of forests in the European Union &apos;s energy strategy is also an important point , because at present do not use the potential of renewable energy as a source of renewable energy .
moreover , this means a lesson from the failure of the previous approach .
on behalf of the PSE Group . - ( DE ) Madam President , our questions are under the objective of highlighting the benefits that our citizens can expect from such a package of measures and what we can propose against such a package .
however , immigration flows affect the Member States differ differently .
I agree with the overall approach of the report and , in particular , the statement that the European Union must strongly promote the humanitarian principles .
concretely with regard to natural resources and biodiversity , the outermost regions offer good access for European research to tropical ecosystems , which are unique biodiversity and agriculture .
( DE ) Madam President , the question is that we , the European Union , comply with a clear strategy and prevent the gold and personality .
I have already said that we are following closely new technologies that will enable us to facilitate procedures .
that is the issue .
we should not allow the court judgment so that we can continue to enable only minimum standards for posted workers .
it is time for us to assess the situation , but it is clear that , through a timely assessment of the crisis , we need to find means to move forward .
improving water quality , transport and tourism functions and agriculture go hand in hand with agriculture .
since this is my last debate with Melgrine Kuneva , I would like to express my thanks for being as unbelievable .
Europe cannot allow itself the luxury of abandoning the possibility of producing alternative gas which could be used in the EU , while traditional gas reserves in the North are being exhausted .
since the new regulations will be progressively introduced , as well as the transitional clauses made by the leaders of the leaders of the Central banks and the transitional clauses of 12 September 2010 , these advantages are unfortunately only in time .
until we have made progress in these areas , any compatible compensation will remain the cost of innocent taxpayers .
the European Research Area , which I fully support , is , in fact , that we all know what we do and that we already combine the scientific competence that we already exist throughout Europe .
children of obese diabetes , obese children and this generation is spreading to generation .
the future is not built by distributing parts of the country ; the future is created by restoring economic recovery , by mutual recognition of different communities and cultures , and the introduction of legislation .
it is difficult to imagine how the United States wanted to pay these huge debts that it currently takes and how inflation , money will respond to its deteriorative ability to pay off their debts and normalise their overvalded assets .
it is interesting that we are discussing this in the run-up to the G20 meeting .
( DE ) Madam President , Commissioner , Mr Radwan , ladies and gentlemen , I welcome the report and a warm welcome to the debate , because I believe that we are subjecting some very sensitive subjects and indeed in particular parties .
now I would like to ask us to talk to the President of the European Commission , José Manuel Durão Barroso .
however , you have made the very openness of this debate .
if they are amended , it will be difficult to understand which provision is in force .
therefore , the report calls for the European Commission to conduct greater monitoring and regularly drawing up implementation reports .
we are pleased that you support the Commission in these technical issues .
( NL ) Madam President , first of all I would like to wholeheartedly congratulate Mr Becsey and also to thank him for the excellent work that we enjoyed with regard to the micro-credit report .
of course , the European Parliament cannot show mandatory and conflict , but I can tell you that Parliament places human rights at the heart of the review of the Israeli status of this year .
it is therefore extremely important to call on all the parties to put an end to the activities of conflict , so that people of these regions can return to living in peace .
I would like to point out that the exchange of PNR data is regulated between the 2007 agreement between the European Union and the United States .
( PL ) Mr President , on the basis of the 2006 decision of the European Parliament and the Council in September 2007 , based on the issue of the Nabucco pipeline - the European coordinator , namely Josia Aartens , namely Josia Aartens .
many other crimes are still freedom , and some are still living in Bosnia Herzegovina among families .
if concluding free trade agreements means that we are allowing products to Europe that do not meet our social or environmental standards , is the reform of the common agricultural policy .
the construction is and the environmental goals in place , but the activities of the Member States have weakened the impact of these instruments .
for a long time has been talk of improving working conditions , but unfortunately , nothing has changed .
Greece is one of the Member States where there are still important problems in implementing the directive &apos;s proper implementation .
on behalf of the UEN Group . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , short while ago I heard the very serious and even serious statements made by the Italian Government and , more specifically , Mr Maroni .
today , we need to be extreme honesty on this issue .
in this respect , the Commission would really have acted more quickly .
pension systems fall under the competence of the Member States .
of course , we are aware of the service of the several sense of Service , which reflects the role of the High Representative / Vice-President of the Commission , as we know , that the service must not combine all the services that the Commission is using in different areas of their external action - and which does not just use the common foreign and security policy , starting with development cooperation .
EU position and obligations in relation to the United Nations High Level UN meeting on prevention and control of diseases (
I think his report shows that the European Parliament wants many more efforts in this area .
I think we should also recognise Commissioner Barrot , the approach adopted by the Directorate General and the German Presidency .
indeed , then there is a normal document in English on the continent , but to the same extent if it is recognised by English laws .
each of the proposed proposals is excellent .
Turkey is our most valued , more obvestic and conclusive example of democracy in the Arab world and , of course , an example of a prosperous economy .
ECVET provides additional instruments for interpreting and transposition , using a common methodological framework to facilitate the transfer of learning results to another .
are these binding targets , in fact , an excellent solution that is always applauded ?
in the Green Paper , the Commission proposes a modernisation , simplification and improvement in legal certainty .
children mediation of children should be considered as a criminal objective .
furthermore , the implementation of policies must be continued to support the individual CMO .
it should be imposed on a tax on financial transactions and introducing Eurobonds .
words alone will not help us succeed .
( FI ) Mr President , I apologise before the vote in the incident .
we are independent of offering price stability to 330 million fellow citizens .
the brain drain would also have been addressed better and I am therefore voting aside , despite the positive aspects of the report .
you are not listening to any arguments : it is absolutely incomprehensible .
the public awareness of the risks associated with the use of pesticides must also be required .
they do not have these matters .
for this reason , the creation of the Media Council is not a sensible act .
the common agricultural policy must change if it wants to find answers to new challenges , such as climate change , an increase in energy demand , the increase in the world population and an increase in openness in the world markets .
the main commitments made by donor countries are : better planning for recipient countries three until five years , the use of political institutions and organisations in partner countries ; transition from political conditions from third countries to the conditions of the developing countries .
we know that this will be followed by foreign policy complicits , because this is the right of international law in this completely grey zone .
