I think it was completely inappropriate that the European Investment Bank did not show respect for the procedures established by Parliament , instead of trying instead to influence the political class .
the new protocol that the Commission is now presenting to us contains very strict limitations in relation to the old one .
finally , I call on the Commissioner to increase the amount of aid in all production sectors , despite current national ceilings , as requested by the European Parliament resolution of 17 September .
in this context , the Earth &apos;s European programme can be a new opportunity for the European Union to promote the development of the industrial strategy ( particularly in the industry ) , to benefit the people , by creating jobs and developing innovation , improving environmental research and improving the security of the population and , finally , creating synergies for other sectors that can provide valuable opportunities for small and medium-sized enterprises .
we are all aware of the rise in life of life , which has ruined the average population of average and low incomes .
I also think that these should be continued until there is any clear evidence of the improvement of the situation in Zimbabwe .
Mr Monnet and Mr Schuman were very visionary people .
this package is of crucial importance to Europe &apos;s future prosperity .
we also want to start a dialogue with Russia on the quality of democracy in this country and , in particular , to address the problems that recently occurred in relation to the election observation , and to discuss our and Russia &apos;s positions on this issue .
but , thanks to the good cooperation between Parliament , the Commission and the Member States , the agreement has finally been agreed .
Madam President , Mr Portas really does not need to continue .
this is the only way to take preventative measures and , at the same time , help the European Union to seize the opportunities that remain within the framework of the birth rate policy .
the scope of the sports federations is , in turn , legally limited .
Mr Schulz should not help us to convince us that he is only a guarantor of social Europe .
the fisheries sector is of strategic importance for such regions , both for the supply of the population , employment and the economic sustainability of fishing communities .
I believe that the efforts of each country to reduce emissions by 2020 should be set out on the basis of per capita basis , of course , without prejudice to the solidarity mechanisms between the countries .
macro-financial assistance for Armenia (
the leaders of the Commission have submitted a request for asylum in order to obtain permission for the workplace after they had been in office in the Commission .
it is , of course , necessary to find a solution for the people of Cyprus itself .
the Congolese army still does not have adequate human , technical and financial resources to fulfil its responsibilities .
there are four issues here : the first , which was raised during this debate , of course , concerns the management company &apos;s licence ; I hear the Commissioner expressed his fear of the bad preparation of the passport .
Cyprus was also dealt with in a rather many speeches .
I supported , however , the amendment tabled on 32 points , which was introduced by the concept of the European Transport Fund .
that concludes Question Time .
firstly , taxation : at present , each Member State has a single right of veto in the tax question , be it a single tax base , harmonisation of taxes or any other item of taxation , and this will also remain the case after the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon .
I think that the procedure you have put forward in the procedure for a serious breach of the rules will have a high level of force , which will remain appropriate .
I also welcome the compromise amendments on free legal assistance .
first and foremost , the first part of the area of freedom , security and justice should be integrated as quickly as possible .
in addition to these very pertinent comments , I would like to highlight two points .
the traceability and protection of donors and recipients should also deserve special attention .
the answers can , of course , be just one thing : to put an end to all negotiations with Turkey immediately .
I therefore call on the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs in the G20 countries for regular trials .
the share of intelligent transport systems in the field of road safety will also be discussed at the informal meeting of Transport Ministers at the end of April in my country , in the city of Limerick .
we need independent institutions that work at European level and can monitor and ensure that the Member States do not respect the principle of equal treatment in theory not only in theory but also take concrete steps to implement this directive effectively .
mid-term review of the European Environment and Health Action Plan 2007-2013 (
it plays a vital role in providing the area with detailed information in the national and private sectors of this sector .
however , if we refuse to accept illegal , secret immigrants , this is due to the fact that it is related to trafficking in human beings and organised crime .
I welcome the determination of the French Presidency ; the Presidency has done everything to reach an agreement .
thirdly , I would like to make one very specific point .
due to the complexity of certain political models , it was not enforced , but it constitutes a decisive text because it contains - I personally see it as a mandate for the voters - the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union .
the problem of Nigeria &apos;s Central Asia is not only a problem of Christians who have been killed since January this year .
this is all I can tell you now , but perhaps , if there is a debate on the Eastern Partnership , I can also go into the details .
in this case , carriers would be responsible for loss and damage to passenger luggage on the basis of the same conditions that apply the supply of other modes of transport at the moment .
now there will be a joint delegation from the Presidency for Guinea on Wednesday .
in my view , this is not just the Commission &apos;s task , it is also the job of the Members of Parliament to ensure that the relevant associations , trade unions , workers and small and medium-sized enterprises are more involved in this debate in such an early stage as possible .
the European Parliament supports her in this difficult task .
for these reasons I would have liked us to adopt a resolution in which Parliament is clearly against the anti-missile defence system .
such information has been given , although late , but I still do not think that is enough .
the problem that has arisen in committee was mainly as follows : the Act of 1976 and the Lisbon Treaty demand that Members of the European Parliament choose the citizens of the various peoples directly .
they have supported the functioning of the financial market , have contributed to improving the financial conditions and have enabled credit better to flow from the real economy than can only be achieved through cuts in interest rates .
the signing of the Nabucco Agreement mentioned by Mr Barroso was also a result of the work of the Czech Presidency .
what can we really do about this ?
we have appointed an institution which coordinates terrorism and , without this clear justification , have found that we can do without the functions of this person .
nevertheless , I will convey your concern for social policy for a responsible committee in order to examine this issue thoroughly .
however , we have already said that there will be tough criteria for the next step .
with regard to the external dimension of culture - culture in our external relations - I think that we have a duty to give this dimension .
let us call a spade a spade ; today , the troops of Egypt have used violence on the streets of Egypt , not the demonstrators .
the construction industry is currently difficult at a time of economic construction because the financial and economic crisis has led to a huge decline in demand and a recession in which Lithuanian citizens will find it very hard to buy a home or build a loan .
as I have already said , we need to ensure , in particular of waste or hazardous waste , that the implementation of the Convention is fully compatible with the Regulation ( EC ) No 1013 / 2006 , which was adopted relatively recently .
this call for a number of elements will now be reflected in the joint motion for a resolution .
also , on the humanitarian side - and here , too , the answer to your question , Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou , many of these are now ultimately reaching the place of Gaza .
we can prove this .
we therefore need to go further in the negotiations in order to guarantee Turkey &apos;s accession , as it plays an important role as a mediator between Israel and the Palestinian conflict as a platform for the creation of Iraq and Iran .
not only does this have yet another education opportunity for many young people , but it will enable them personally to become familiar with other children in the EU , to feel that they feel as full European citizens who have every identity , but who are united in diversity .
at the same time , it is good to see that it has exposed the European Parliament &apos;s extremist right-wing members who have raised the Treaty of Lisbon .
SMEs must be able to operate unhindered and quickly .
the biggest value of this is that the issue has been approached from the point of view of farmers .
Mr President , if I may , I would like to take the floor on the session .
for example , this directive obliges airports to consult airlines in advance of airport charges .
however , we live in a single Union , and we have a common monetary policy and a single currency .
as the events of the past few weeks have shown , Pakistan remains a breeding ground for terrorism and extremism .
does the policy of communication be a separate or a co-funded policy ?
finally , should these limit values be applied to the proposed plants that produce substances that produce substances ?
following the analysis of methods of legal and illegal immigration , the Committee on Civil Liberties has drawn attention to the fact that the requirements of an ageing society and the labour market require a consistent and complex immigration policy .
the second point I would like to mention concerns us in the European Union .
this budget gives the Member States an excellent opportunity to find markets both inside and outside Europe .
this is an excellent idea and I am only pleased about this .
we are pleased that we will receive a response from the European Commission in this house today .
with the rescue packages , the downward spiral was made to stop it in short .
my third and final point is that the budget policy has now played a much more centralised , more leading role than a monetary policy .
this report aims to respond to the Commission &apos;s recent Green Paper on European contract law and to describe Parliament &apos;s priorities .
in conclusion , I would like to emphasise that we need a new form of fisheries agreements and includes a human rights clause .
( RO ) I am very pleased with the EU / US data protection agreement , which we must support in order to make cooperation more effective in the fight against crime and terrorism .
a member country defended the values of Western civilisation in its north-east peripheral .
the European Union should work for this aim .
as many of you know , John Bowis remained in Brussels recently , and she was in hospital .
economic governance must be strengthened , combined with the strengthening of the democratic legitimacy of the decisions adopted .
I think that Germany should now take the lead and move towards a common European pot .
the Hungarian Presidency held negotiations with a very narrow majority of the Council .
on behalf of the PPE Group . - ( HU ) In addition to the effective implementation of the laws of the international and national anti-discrimination laws , as we have just heard from Commissioner Reding , special emphasis must be placed on Roma inclusion as their integration into the labour market and education is an interest in the economic players of the Member States .
the negative effects on economic growth and employment are sufficiently serious and affect the Lisbon objectives of the Member States today .
however , in order for the European Union &apos;s strategy for the rights of the child to be more effective and implemented jointly in all 27 Member States , it should , in particular , envisage implementing measures which will therefore be supported not only by the Member States but also by European Union funds .
I personally am in the middle of my middle time .
for example , Article 43 ( 1 ) of the Treaty of Lisbon lays down the challenges of the European Union &apos;s armed forces .
these instruments , which have not been used for the most than three years of the programme , will fall .
we must therefore help them to create the conditions for development which will result in new production opportunities and create new opportunities for improving living standards .
the EU must have a firm and effective influence in the enlarged United Nations , and must remain firm in finding a common position ; the EU must also increase flexibility in relation to fewer important issues in order to enable faster and more effective responses in the discussions on the major issues .
- Ladies and gentlemen , since we had a short time , I will be able to give the floor to a couple of other names .
appointment of a member of the Court of Auditors ( Mr de Vries ) (
these include the European Youth Guarantee Initiative and the European Employment Pact initiative , aimed at 50 years .
all of this has been the result of the late and unconvincing action of the Italian Government , who , unfortunately , has been condemned by the terrible cases in which the citizens of EU citizens have realised that Italy is in crisis .
therefore , I do not intend to do this , and I will simply say that this is an example of how , once again , we are trying to work harder and easier for citizens in other countries .
we must listen to their concerns and react .
I also call for at least some of these appropriations to be used for technical measures which will help to shorten the application procedure , which is too lengthy in the case of many of the cases of application .
this is not the direction in which we should move forward , and that is why these issues must be considered at national level and , in the first instance , to introduce a system that will allow farmers and food producers to survive and to buy high-quality and healthy food at reasonable prices .
the sympathy expressed in the resolution about the suffering of the Palestinian population is a fake , since the EU and the United States are part of the problem .
I am pleased to mention this agenda for organ donation and transplantation , as well as the work of patients with cross-border healthcare .
as far as I know , one of the main tasks of the Members of the European Parliament is control over the executive .
while young people are fighting against the army and the police , we are confined to the signature of our diplomatic groups .
can you also support nurseries ?
several of you , particularly the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , have asked me about the methodology for this , as has just been mentioned in Mrs Wortmann-Kool .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I would like to thank everyone for their interventions and to make two brief statements .
finally , I believe that we need to ensure that this aid is more effective .
we represent one billion people and , if we reach an agreement , we will be able to influence the world &apos;s development positively .
there is a general debate where we are all agreed , and then there is the current problem of immediate solution .
the influence of the Agency for the purposes of compliance with IUU fishing can have the fishing fleet of vessels involved in illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing .
lastly , I am very pleased that one of the most important roles has been selected in her , not only in the field of gender equality , but also thanks to her excellent living .
the new agreement should confirm that there is a balance between fundamental rights , but there must also be mutual treatment , proportionality and minimum levels of data .
instead of the choice of a military solution , we will clearly have a diplomatic solution , a negotiated solution .
at the level of development aid , the EU is already the main donor aid for Somalia , indicating medium- and long-term aid to the history of peaceful and self-managing society .
last but not least : since 20 % of emissions are caused by transport , we need to move towards short distribution channels , particularly in agriculture , which will lead to the creation of jobs in our own countries and in developing countries .
after all , resources do exist .
I hope that this experience will also change you and a number of others in the Czech Republic .
first of all , I would like to ask for the administrative burden on small and medium-sized enterprises .
in relation to what my colleague , Mrs De Vits , this is about General Motors , I would like to ask the Commission whether it will take precautions in the event of a possible collapse of the parent company .
emergency measures were needed to resolve the unusual situation .
unanimity is a system that makes it possible to impose its opinion on everyone .
the Community method is a message .
I therefore believe that we need a technological revolution , and the forthcoming summit should guide us on the right track .
if you have the opportunity to rely on my accused of the most informed information in the past , I would really like to look into concrete details in order to postpone your statement .
the debate is closed .
ladies and women in the press , they are mothers of opposition activists and women .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( PL ) Mr President , I , too , would like to convey a warm welcome to the Commissioner , and I believe that we will work together and work together .
we are not prepared in disasters as well as Japan and we do not have practically even a civil defence policy with cross-border issues such as nuclear accident .
their turnover would increase , if we were ultimately creating a Community patent , thereby preventing the abuse of intellectual property created by small businesses in favour of cheap goods .
the EUR 146 million available under the amended proposal will have to be channelled into projects which have a rapid , measurable and real impact on economic recovery .
these reports are therefore very appropriate , because they can enable us to build a policy of future on this extremely important issue .
so let us manage .
therefore farmers should not fear these restrictions because they oblige the processing industry to become closer to the places in which animals are grown .
I think that the Commission needs to take the necessary steps to adapt the rail infrastructure in such a way that it will offer European services and , at the same time , create rights for border crossings , replacing the old railway infrastructure or updating it and helping the Member States to alleviate the problems arising from different hunting distances and offering the necessary financial assistance .
( applause )
the war against workers , self-employed and small farmers is a strategic decision of the bourgeois governments and of the EU to support capital profitability .
it will create the basis for a new , environmentally friendly agreement , which will increase the competitiveness of the European Union at international level .
the market for green goods and services will have to double in 2020 : it will create huge opportunities for so-called green jobs .
as the European Council expressed its support for such an approach , the European Commission has been actively involved in the work of the International Monetary Fund and the OECD in the definition of good practices .
I would ask you to explain in more detail the way in which the Commission will be given the opportunity to comment on the Member States &apos; budget projects before these national parliaments can do so .
this regulation will create a Community legal framework for informing the Commission on investment projects in the field of oil , gas , electricity and biofuels , as well as in the energy sector in the energy sector .
the next item is the Commission statement on the black disaster in Hungary .
they said that enhanced cooperation , which currently includes 25 out of 27 Member States , may be used to split up the single market .
( PL ) Thank you .
at present , there are several examples of good examples , and these should be made more visible .
in the Arab world , the socio-economic basis has not been different from those of those countries that are now in the transition phase that we hope for a growing democratic environment .
there is no proportionality in the war , and every war is too much and it is not possible to balance the figures from one side to another .
the Treaty of Lisbon , therefore , has led the Treaty to cooperate with national parliaments .
certainly , this information has not come to ordinary Europeans who has the impression that the Greek dominated by the spring summit .
we have had a Hungarian Prime Minister today who has spoken out of the Presidency of the Council , and I would like to ask the Hungarian Presidency today to continue its good work , which was begun at a time when the Presidency was Belgium .
let me give just one example of the collection of data , which will obviously affect my fellow Members .
moreover , the question arises of the effectiveness of the funds .
in addition , the EU must pay more attention to the situation of its trading partners in the field of human rights .
I have visited Romania and other Eastern European countries , and a lot of the phenomenon was familiar with me .
in writing . - I think that , despite the uncertain situation in Egypt , the European Parliament has the right to continue with the approval of this agreement , which should make it easier for businesses to make life , without making political comments on the current government of Egypt .
it already has the maximum mandate and it can approve a mini agreement .
due to the far-reaching consequences of these ratings , it is imperative that there needs to be intensive intervention in this area .
for these reasons , our approval deserves all the approaches for this as an urgent economic and strategic issue .
it deals with the mobility of students , but its added value is that it provides for a level of education that responds to the needs of the labour market and that it ensures the necessary skills and knowledge .
the number of free jobs is among the highest economic requirements in Europe and is being used to assess the conditions of the European Union &apos;s labour market and the euro area within the framework of the economic and monetary union ( EMU ) ) .
if there are differences of opinion on the part of the IMF , and when discussions on it have to continue , the interest rate will be reduced automatically .
Prime Minister , as you said , we will , even after the Spanish Presidency , intend to maintain the same very strong position on the Community method .
as a result , there has been a loss of hunger in one country than today in the world .
I would like to express my firm belief that the debate that has been initiated here must also be brought to the constituencies , as is normally the case .
what we have in Europe are reprehensible - devaluation or interference in the currency markets - forces globalisation now forces us .
our Ombudsman has done his job in investigating and handling complaints .
I would like the Commission to think about the IRA &apos;s voice and think whether it is really reasonable .
it is also clear that doctors and sisters in hospitals will have to be treated in different ways of on-call time for workers in the old , which is , in fact , simply a commitment .
we must promote the profession of the farmer and the standards at European level that farmers must respect .
youth unemployment in France is 24 % , in Italy 25 % , and in Spain , 39 % .
in my view , this is due to the cynical behaviour of some countries that , in this part of Africa , often want a dirty business , while we welcome and agree on the holding of the Olympic Games in China .
I think that the cofinancing of vaccination programmes should also continue in the years to come , given their effectiveness and a much more rigorous legal framework that we are debating today .
the truth that makes us hope for the sake of the building of a people in the country is the fact that , in the framework of this fight , I have learned the first of all the names of dissent and hate in the Crimea : &apos; love your enemies ! &apos;
the report on public governance in financial institutions sets a number of measures for implementing financial institutions in the management companies .
Mr Gargani is tabling an oral report on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs .
the aim of the strategy for the Baltic Sea region is not to create new institutions .
manufacturers will be able to solve all forms of form on a point of contact , which gives them considerable savings .
composition of Parliament : see Minutes
in writing . - ( LT ) I supported this resolution and I wholeheartedly endorse all the observations made in it .
interim agreements do not involve all the countries of the ACP region .
1 .
representatives of civil society will be able to deal with the social issues that the groups in the European Parliament are not able to or do not want to raise .
my country , Estonia , is an excellent example of the progressive transition from pension funds .
what is important is that the treatment of patients from the rest of the country and their own Member State from a Member State is based on proven and objective if necessary to avoid imposing public health systems with excessive costs , which obviously reduces their effectiveness .
these are the words of UNESCO , not mine .
I know that this is difficult to preserve , but we will not get anywhere in the world market .
you will certainly know that , over the last 20 years , the number of animals used for scientific purposes has not increased , even though the number of scientific newspapers in the area of reproductive research has doubled in each of two years .
( RO ) Madam President , I find it regrettable that there are no official statistics on rural and agricultural tourism and that the only available data are based on assessments .
it was a pleasure to hear and welcome this .
you said clearly that you are prepared to change it , and I hope you will go in this direction .
EU financial support for the International Fund for Ireland (
( PL ) Mr President , the common market organisation for milk and dairy products is an important issue for both the Member States and the entire European Union .
since the majority rejected this amendment , we voted against the draft final draft regulation .
the Green Paper on consumer protection did not raise all these issues , but they will be dealt with in this report .
it is unacceptable for states such as China to use raw materials as a political weapon .
in addition , the project provides a good basis for the establishment of an integrated security network that guarantees protection from cyber attacks .
we are not prepared to address the question of the most , those who suffer most - disabled , gay or older .
in solving the problems of Georgia , we must not forget that 20 % of Georgia &apos;s territory is still occupied .
the question therefore is whether or not we allow body scanners or not .
in the 2007 Green Paper entitled &apos; A new trends in the development of urban mobility &apos; , therefore , the creation of possible further measures at Community level to promote greener and safer towns and intelligent and more accessible urban transport is defined .
through the legal framework , the European Union should strive for clarity and efficiency .
at the same time , we understand the complexity of this huge country , and I would like to express my profound condolences to the victims of the numerous terrorist attacks in India .
more than 60 % are under the age of 18 and , for this very reason , I want , in addition to the conditions for fundamental survival , to pay more attention to education and health care .
all the parties involved have made huge efforts to prevent this text from reaching an agreement .
this is no longer only a right but also a duty to act and to negotiate , and also to condemn and condemn and impose sanctions if each party is threatened by peace .
the number of solutions to be applied to the problem of mutual recognition of authentic acts by the Member States has meant that the mobility of these documents is currently complicated and that there are restrictions on the number and classification of the documents they provide .
( applause )
this is why I am pleased to present this asylum agenda , which has been involved in the preparation of several public organisations and sets out the code of conduct for the years to come up with a common European asylum system .
I therefore think that we need to be sensible and balanced in this regard , and I certainly would like a review of the proposal for a review of this four-year period , along with the full consultation of the transport industry in the meantime .
a very large part of your text has been included in the report , and I think it is a disgrace that you are taking this back on board .
( RO ) Madam President , the increase in the number of natural disasters and the consequences of their consequences are now one of the greatest challenges facing the European Union .
today &apos;s decision coincides with the International Climate Change Convention in Poznań , in Poland .
author . - ( CS ) Madam President , macro-regional strategies are , first and foremost , a political instrument representing one possible form of regional cooperation .
protection of women , especially during pregnancy and when they grow children , must be required , so that children can use their fundamental rights right from the outset .
not only serious cases will have a disastrous impact on the economies , the environment and well-being of the countries .
now the Commission is now forcing the Government of Mr Orbán to change its scandalous laws .
this agreement will have an even greater market share of multinational companies in the United States , which are already controlling more than 80 % of world trade in bananas - although the Commission agrees that it had attempted to breathe this interest in this agreement .
Mr President , we found it would not be fair to mention just one party , so we would like to remove the case for the authorities in Kosovo .
Russia &apos;s future is related to the future of Europe and must be developed without its persistence , without complacency , and despite the many difficulties currently being experienced .
Sudan and the International Criminal Court ( vote )
action taken on Parliament &apos;s positions and resolutions : see Minutes
I would like to repeat the words of the House for the depth and interesting content of the debate on the depth of the debate .
it would be necessary for the EU to revise its policy and reform .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the debate on the Services Directive in the European Parliament has sent an unprecedented public political debate .
the Commission proposal , which , as a large brother , stipulates that seasonal cotton should be shared , prioritising the diversity of fruit so that children can discover the different deposits is completely ridiculous .
today , and tomorrow , the European Parliament will express its solidarity with the people of Tibet .
I would like to mention to you that the draft directive includes improvements in the important aspects of recovery : the exchange of information between the authorities , the submission of requirements and the feedback from which the European Commission calls for a constantly increasing activity in the number of cases of cases between Member States .
I hope that the Union can react to this important task effectively .
I am sorry to forgive me if it seems to be less important at this point in time .
other very important cases ( and here I would like to thank Commissioner McCreevy , who is here today ) was a law on the development of the community of Valencia , in which Mr McCreevy and his team acted efficiently in order to protect the public procurement directive .
workers are fighting for public transport companies that are satisfactory to their needs with high-quality environmentally-friendly services .
we have just adopted Mr Lehtinen &apos;s report .
Vice-President of the Commission . - For Greece I cannot answer because there are no details of the details .
( RO ) The Commission &apos;s initiative to extend the principle of equal treatment in other sectors of society in the context of a general directive prohibiting discrimination outside the labour market on the basis of disability , age , religion or belief and sexual orientation is fundamentally necessary in order to finalise the anti-discrimination package .
increasing public awareness of the importance of prevention and healthy lifestyles can ultimately reduce health costs , since the prevention of diseases is cheaper than their treatment .
the package itself is a good one , it has no doubt .
I believe that we must react very strongly to any kind of aggression against Taiwan .
I would first of all like to thank the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs for this report , which covers areas such as climate change , the alleviation of poverty and overall development .
we will therefore set the foundations for the future financial perspectives for the Europe 2020 strategy .
I agree with many of the speakers who have referred to the need to highlight the important role of local parties and the involvement of civil society .
that must be very clear .
the Ombudsman has not been informed at the time of October 2010 .
however , there are relatively few countries in this Parliament who have remained untouched by the one part of totalitarianism or another in the last century .
the second place was Ireland and a third of Bulgaria &apos;s project .
therefore , the Commission will continue to increase its support in key areas such as rural development , development of agriculture , basic services , education and health care .
it also sets out the proposal that fathers may also have two weeks &apos; remuneration leave , and they will be able to have access to help in the first instance of her wife with her wife .
I am referring here to the role of human rights here in Europe and , in particular , the Council of Europe .
I could go on , but then we would be a long time .
it is not a good translation , because people think that this means &apos; single &apos; .
Europe must continue to do everything it can to cope with the current challenges and I believe that there is a need for us to be firm .
in this regard , it does not define clearly the situations in the Commission &apos;s proposal which require a reduction or a suspension of agricultural subsidies .
the aim of the European Asylum Support Office is to give the Member States expert assistance and contribute to the application of consistent and high-quality common European asylum policy .
the vote will take place shortly .
it is not a heavy burden , but a huge opportunity that we must develop further , based on our vision .
it is a human being , to the detriment of his or her existence , of her existence .
we have established practice .
I would like to say to all those who constantly claim that the European budget is in serious danger : European expenditure should certainly be controlled more consistently than national spending .
so we give producers the opportunity to find out what they are buying .
the real point is that Airbus will continue to develop and produce its aircraft in the euro area .
that is all about the first question .
it is necessary to apply flexible working time , to develop services that support women and give them freedom of choice and self-development .
I ask the Commission to take the necessary measures to ensure that Community law should always take precedence .
both Parliament &apos;s legal service and the European Data Protection Supervisor have referred to the risks of outsourcing , where an external service provider is not located in the area of diplomatic protection .
five years ago , two candidates failed , one year .
I myself live in a country where 500 000 people live .
however , the Commission must also carry out a clear study on the impact of the effects of the liberalisation of postal services , which are likely to be up to employment .
and , if you would allow me , as one of one examples , to bring fisheries , the fact that we have the outermost regions in the Indian Ocean , such as La Réunion , is an example of how we can already say a word about the existing regional fisheries organisations and the ones we are trying to develop for this region .
but we have no intention of allowing these to leave us out of this wonderful tradition .
the ordinary EU citizen who does not use direct air services has nothing to do with this operation .
in June , Vice-President Almunia will submit a report on the competition policy for 2010 .
what we want to do , however , is something we want to do is to raise awareness , which is to give people information about their pensions - so we also need a monitoring system .
the Presidency was pleased with the solution to this issue , and I would like to draw up a proper statement from the Hungarian Presidency , which will also be supported by the next presidencies in Poland , Denmark and Cyprus .
since the rules on taxation policy do not apply common rules , tax competition creates problems with the production of offers and the low rates of equity .
in my view , this is a very ambitious proposal , which includes many aspects of ensuring that safety is taken into account for road infrastructure in all stages of life : planning and introduction of the planned regulation .
all of the EU &apos;s Member States signed an unprecedented UN Convention on the Rights of the Child , but in many of the rights of the child , we in Europe have hardly had any ground in Europe .
I fully support the trend towards the efficient and sustainable economy of the water and , of course , the full implementation of the Water Framework Directive , which I was involved in when I was involved in a couple of years , when the rapporteur was my former fellow Member , Mrs Matera , Austria .
all this is true of the 2009 budget , of which the amount of commitment appropriations amounts to EUR 134 billion , and payment appropriations of EUR 11 billion euros , and the budget is therefore not high .
it should be noted , of course , that the glass and characteristics that this practice continues , and this is a sensitive issue in the country , but really wanted development and I believe that it is important .
in this way , they have been confirmed in the validity of their mandates .
we need to take action in this regard in order to limit these appalling activities .
the European Parliament , too , was very active and attentive at this time .
for us , it is also the beginning of the permanent surveillance process to maintain political interest and put pressure on the Member States to implement the directive .
I demand that the Commission does not come back - if it is its intention - an identical EU-Libya agreement in Italy because we have seen the consequences of this despicable agreement .
we need to be cautious , because if we start to carry out checks and analyses following the approval of the information that we are looking at , we will lose speed in the rush , in the field of health issues , where life and death are at stake , however , the speed is .
can the Commission outline its position in relation to the above and similar projects in the whole of the EU ?
I would also like to share the feelings of my fellow Members who had the opportunity today to congratulate the Irish people for having made a clear signal of their decision by opting for the continuation of the process of European integration at a political level .
there is currently a coherent and coordinated EU cultural strategy in the EU &apos;s external actions , and this must be developed .
the European Commission often says to the Member States that they will have to take control of public finances quickly .
the vote will take place on Tuesday , 24 March 2009 .
the Commission will today seek to receive a draft directive on cross-border healthcare .
· investment in new technologies - industry raises problems , but with the help of new technologies , these can be resolved .
the Estonian Congress - Estonia &apos;s temporary , democratic parliament - took on 11 March 1990 a declaration on restoring statehood after 50 years of Soviet occupation .
the reports published in the Dutch press for body scanners have caused great anger .
it is far too premature to make any conclusions about the changes that need to be made .
at the moment , when there are four working people per person in 65 , in 2050 the figure will be below half .
stronger , stronger in order to face global challenges .
we do not agree with this approach , as well as a number of other issues , such as the desire for the creation of a European coastguard , which follows a federalist stance : ignores the sovereignty of the Member States and the rights of their territorial waters and exclusive economic zones .
an increase in growth that is completely below the rate of inflation would serve Parliament with the necessary legitimacy in the eyes of European citizens .
I also agree on the idea that the programmes for supervision should be submitted to the NUTS II reports .
however , we must also ensure that we act according to the results of the stress tests .
the issue is addressed by Commissioner Barnier .
for the fishing communities , the period at which we are experiencing is a period of difficult period , which is characterised by a reduction in fish stocks .
it also calls on the Lithuanian Government not to make more legislative changes to this issue and to include sexual orientation as a basis for protected causes .
I support this report which proposes to implement a new , comprehensive political approach against gender violence , which will include the following : the creation of a criminal law directive against gender violence ; training for officials who are likely to be exposed to cases of violence against women ; requirements for Member States to show due diligence and register and examine the crimes associated with all forms of gender-based violence ; the requirements of financial support for NGOs supporting the victims of gender-based violence .
( CS ) I would like to speak as someone who supports Turkey becoming a fully-fledged member of the European Union , not a single preferred partner or a certain kind of preferred partner , and I would like to criticise some of us .
- After the vote :
there is also democracy in the EU and we have democratic debates .
however , we should not make mistakes .
there are two important points which the European Parliament must respect and which is supported by all the political groups .
and , of course , Sri Lanka must submit a statement to obtain a preferential regime .
I welcome the work done by Mr Simpson , and , as he said , he has received unanimous support in his committee , and several members of the Commission are here today .
in the current times of protectionism and reduced poverty , it is particularly important that we maintain open trade between Europe and some of the poorer countries in the world .
( EL ) Mr President , Poznań and Copenhagen negotiations , which will be under way in the year , will have to be successful .
this kind of taxation is currently affecting approximately 18 000 farmers who lose 53 % of their sales revenues .
I hope you will be able to give me a frank answer to this question .
in addition , I would like to emphasise the close relationship between the socio-economic disadvantage and children from early childhood because of the opportunities for education , because low incomes are likely to exploit much less in the area of early childhood education and care services .
I am particularly pleased at the fact that , three years ago , during the current parliamentary term , I made a report on a new animal health strategy , based on the principle that prevention is better than cure .
what actions does the Council intend to take , and how did such a situation arise ?
I emphasise this because it must be clear that the whole of our preparatory work for the strategic framework that has just been described does not deserve anything if we do not offer real results in this area , which is why a strategy for the strategy drawn up , which was also drafted in the preparation of the preparatory work .
I thank the President and the Members who have asked the Commission questions .
( FI ) Mr President , eight years after the goal , we can firmly say that the EU will not achieve this goal .
I voted in favour of the resolution of the European Union , and I would like to take the lead and reaffirm the need to adopt the Data Protection Directive .
however , we are of the opinion that the capacity and security of our armed forces must not be undermined in any way .
in order to help them to link up the labour market , Denmark will allocate EUR 521 359 from the fund .
we all agree on the objective , but we must have the opportunity to argue about the necessary methods of achieving the aim , and if anyone is debating methods and wants to carry them out in detail , it does not necessarily mean that it wants everything to be done behind closed doors .
but we must have the courage to admit that political Islam , a totalitarian Islam - not only Islamic countries or some of these countries , but also terrorist organisations such as al-Qaeda and related movements - still requires many victims around the world .
high-speed broadband Internet is a sine qua non for the development of e-commerce .
in writing . - ( LT ) I am very pleased that Parliament has initiated the debate on the situation of women in precarious work .
I regret the fact that the debate has , to some extent , exhausted the linguistic conflict and I hope - and the same has also been expressed by the European Parliament - that the Member States that do not want to participate at this stage can , at all times , join .
Europe has offered important financial support for the implementation of the Ottawa Convention over the last few years .
however , the presence of justice and home affairs in the television plants in the Jewish sites in the north of Portugal and the advertising of this demonstration in the Portuguese media are the lessons of other cases in Portugal and elsewhere .
the Netherlands is giving its railway to 15 euro cents and the United Kingdom of EUR 4 000 .
I therefore ask Members to adopt the compromise proposal , No 11 , which is the result of a three-speech mentioned by Commissioner Michel a moment ago , and not to give in to the temptation to propose changes that would infringe the balance that has been achieved .
I can only agree with and emphasise that this reform should start on the basis of the ground , in other words , on development policy .
NATO &apos;s role has been mentioned in several speeches .
that is why this regulation is a firm signal of a genuine European transport and infrastructure policy .
in particular , a return to the death penalty is a particularly appalling one .
this is a challenge we face in the coming weeks .
however , they do not know , and they do not manage to do so well , and they do not only manage to manage them properly : the reporting , collection , collection and handling of electronic equipment is carried out in accordance with the requirements of the directive .
finally , I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs with whom we had excellent cooperation , and my colleagues in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs who adopted this report by a large majority .
several people have mentioned Poland and England and their exceptions .
but we need simpler , more comprehensible and more transparent structures and better control over the Cohesion Fund in order to guarantee the sustainable and efficient use of the funds .
in a continental world , managing these problems can give the European Union an opportunity to play a leading role in bringing about the clarity of the global financial architecture and the aspect of social responsibility and predictability .
the need for the European Union to have an effective response capacity to cope with the major disasters of the world in the world was what led me to vote in favour of this report .
one example of this is the increased flexibility that has been established in relation to the eligibility criteria in Article 7 .
these were much more attention than the meeting of Europe in relation to the opening of Europe .
we have to show that we have learned something from all these crises and we are taking part in the new direction .
we need a comprehensive protection in this area .
obviously the European Union will not get out of business , even though - as we all know in the press - Opel requires EUR 2.7 billion .
that is why the right of a citizens &apos; initiative is the same , and now the citizens will be able to appeal directly to the European Commission and call on the Commission to submit a proposal for a European Union legislation .
I particularly welcome , Mr Barroso , your principle : fairness and the recognition of different starting points and investment opportunities for Member States .
we will also have good experience in cooperation with all our partners in the Temporary Committee on Haiti , which will certainly help to speed up the process .
in the European Union , however , there will also be more and more new infections and the number of people who are in the &apos; catch &apos; of the &apos; catch &apos; may be much larger .
most of these companies would not have any major costs .
we therefore need to help research teams to speed up their work and to propose credible political forecasts as quickly as possible .
ideally , any restriction of our rights should be offset by a better protection against terrorist attacks .
I am pleased that today is on the table , which contains a motion for a resolution .
it will not succeed without unity in your own country .
in the field of European Union law , there should be no room for this type of view - these are against our tradition , which is a common tradition for the Christian community and , incidentally , they express the principle of the denial of women &apos;s rights .
there are important differences in comparison with what is happening in Libya , where dialogue was replaced by military aggression , which made the peaceful resolution of the conflict completely impossible .
the Germans have identified the problem , they told us and they will take the necessary measures .
the second problem is a project assessment which does not include certain issues , including environmental impact analysis , and some of the side-effects will emerge later .
there will be 12 countries which include the United Kingdom .
no one in Lampedusa or Malta has been organised by a couple of years .
visa-free travel is a very humane friendly .
in both countries , there will be a special cooperation mechanism which must not be made too complicated .
we must support them and help them .
and we will continue these negotiations and the fight so that it can be certain of us .
- ( CS ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the crisis in the dairy production sector shows that the regulatory system based on European quotas is flawed and ineffective .
it will pave the way for further measures at international and global level .
it is not important for us to build or what measures we are building or what measures we take , a universal strategy and solidarity between European countries .
2 .
this first proposal is a good starting point .
developments in the Central Asian region , with the exception of the Kyrgyz Republic , are worrying for one reason .
in the future , too , the European Social Fund should play an important role in the whole of the European Union and should not focus solely on certain regions .
on behalf of Parliament , I welcome the UN representative .
however , I would like to highlight the social aspect of this legislation , which concerns the rights of disabled persons , in particular those who are blind or the visually impaired , and their right to benefit free postal services .
China is one of the few allies of the Burmese dictators .
a short while ago , you were talking a great deal about events in Brussels .
Mr President , when it comes to the conflict of interests , you could explain to me whether , in the vote on the next three years of milk , we will have milk farmers who declare the conflict of interest and abstain ?
I believe that we need to examine more closely whether this is actually the case , because what we need is greater transparency .
however , these requirements should not be excessive because they can have a negative impact on the situation of the people who have arrived in the European Union legally and which have the existing working licence .
we are now taking this lead on the transfer of energy supply and the new economy itself .
the aim of all the measures proposed by the Commission has always been to put an end to the isolation of the Cypriot community in order to facilitate the reunification of Cyprus in line with the conclusions of April 2004 .
these relations may well be beneficial to us , but they are also easy to harm .
the time has shown that European institutions operate , in particular , it could have been seen in the ECOFIN meeting yesterday , as well as the coordinated reduction of interest rates today .
the negotiations that have begun now must be concluded during the current parliamentary term .
in writing . - ( IT ) I would like to congratulate Mr Cancian on his excellent work , thanks to which we have managed to reach a satisfactory , balanced compromise .
we discussed this with the groups and coordinators , and they supported this change , which is in line with the content of the general proposal .
these negotiations achieved a much balanced end result , which meant that , ultimately , I supported the resolution .
the vote will take place shortly .
I would like to see an open , free and flexible globalisation that is also a reform , a comprehensive and sustainable one .
the people expect the Commission to consider the tasks entrusted to it by the EU treaties : to be a leading force in the European Union , the design of its ideas .
as I said , having agreed on the joint strategy , on the Commission &apos;s common agenda , and on particular follow-up mechanisms , we discussed such important and topical issues such as climate change , integration , energy and immigration , the summit will be clearly a step forward , a mature one of our relations with Africa .
there are , however , still two questions that are of great concern to me .
the Agency offers opportunities for job creation and a unique knowledge of knowledge can help to maintain the competitiveness of the European system .
the agricultural potential of Europe is therefore weakened .
the reason for the contamination of accidents is caused by the failure of accidents and the lack of red lights on the part of the four per cent .
this is a problem we could further discuss here and today .
( it ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to join those who have thanked Mrs Paliadeli for her excellent work .
we should not give false hopes or misunderstandings .
however , the report gives Member States the opportunity to transpose the directive at their appropriate time in order to avoid any problems that may result in simplification of the rules .
in fact , it makes a difference in the sense of view , without a deliberate denial .
all this , not to mention the area of the area of the area of our lives in very important areas in the area of major sectors .
this is completely contrary to the main objective of this proposal .
in the coming year , there were a number of documents , which we were only deliberately aware of , and then , in 1997 , the Health Affairs Minister suddenly established a flight union , and without the establishment of a single market licence .
corrigendum ( Rule 204a ) : see Minutes
we did so , firstly because you are using this politically in order to further increase the powers of Brussels , its institutions and numerous agencies , which will continue to show its inefficiency .
the PPE Group is not willing to allow Parliament to become a place in which only national political bills are discovered , which we will be able to witness tomorrow , if this debate is taking place .
I will also make a written statement on this subject .
the Regulation ( EC ) No 1541 / 2002 on common rules in the field of civil aviation and the creation of the European Aviation Safety Agency was agreed that the best and uniform safety levels can only be ensured through extending the scope of this text , thus extending the competence of the European Aviation Safety Agency in relation to third countries &apos; aviation activities , the licensing of pilots and airline safety : it is the aim of the amendment of Regulation ( EC ) No 1541 / 2002 .
there are clear advantages here for patients , especially for patients suffering from rare diseases or difficult diseases , which will escape from their disease specialist facilities .
it took part in this programme to the east and the West .
we are making the priorities that concern young people , education , mobility , training , research , competitiveness and innovation .
in writing . - We agree with the proposal that the existing rules concerning imports of live animals , meat and meat products should remain in force until they are replaced by measures to be adopted in the new regulatory framework .
this year , on 1 May , on the day of International Women &apos;s Rights , there were no reason for celebration because there are 23 million unemployed in the European Union .
nevertheless , in 10 Member States , where product design is not protected from modern , the price of spare parts to 7 % higher than the rest of 17 .
6 .
today , I heard people spoke of capitalist barbarity .
Parliament &apos;s delegations to different countries , different parts of the world , must relate to the technical committees of Parliament .
the conclusion must be that the quota system has not managed to secure market stability .
this is , of course , the case .
( EL ) Madam President , the next European Council meeting will face an important issue : the question of enlargement .
Member of the Commission . - ( CS ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission is concerned about the high level of employment in young people in the Member States , which , at the end of 2007 , was approximately double the average unemployment rate .
in writing . - ( PT ) I voted in favour of this report on the 2011 draft budget because it strengthens the financing of sectors designated as the European Parliament &apos;s priorities , such as education , innovation , competitiveness and cohesion in order to secure economic growth and employment , as well as protection and management of natural resources .
the report by Mr Goerens , on behalf of the Committee on Development , on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1905 / 2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation - C7-0079 / 2010 - .
too little attention has been paid to the stability of production at the level of production and the preservation of adequate stocks in order to reduce the impact of production levels in climate change or other factors .
in writing . - I would like to congratulate and congratulate the Greek Green group on its own contribution to the report , which was adopted today on the transparency of regional policy and its funding .
the initiative will be successful only if it is easy to carry out and if it is accessible to all .
however , some questions remained unresolved and the new context must be addressed in this new context , due to the long-term closure of European airspace .
the proposed paper will be replaced by all the areas of the fisheries chain ( i.e. catches , landings and customs data , except in the case of vessels exceeding 10 metres .
the report calls on the Member States to revise the measures designed to ensure sufficient income , as we need to create decent and permanent jobs for combating poverty .
( PL ) Madam President , the standards applied in Russia are completely different from those that are in use in the European Union .
the dispute is not yet over , as we all know .
I do not think that the warships sent to the sea have been an appropriate response because some of them were equipped with rockets .
the tone of the report is obviously dictated , and the proposals for cooperation have been presented with almost full effect on the EU &apos;s terms , putting EU interests at the forefront .
we need only a little political courage , for which we have an opportunity and means .
if this amendment is rejected , it should be included in the original text .
it would be much better to send it back to committee , and that the new mandate would have a full and considered report .
I would also say to Mr Wurtz : employment and growth , which have a direct impact on the real economy , is at risk of this crisis .
it should be noted that the serious challenges of this cooperation in the areas of global sustainability such as poverty , climate change , biodiversity , HIV / AIDS , infectious diseases , energy , clean water , clean water - this list seems endless .
we want the plant to produce real far-reaching reforms in order to become a successful business that can compete on its own in the face of the world of the EU and the world in the field of shipbuilding .
I am very happy for your support for the financing of the European School milk programme and the extension of funding to other products .
with regard to the countries mentioned , I welcome the inclusion of the previous provisions , although I must point out that they may not be adequate and , in this case , measures will need to be taken .
I do not create certainty at all , though , on the one hand , I am convinced , like you , Mr President-in-Office , that we must continue to involve Russia , but I do not think that we should make a face , as something had not happened - I am sure that you do not do that - and continue in our usual way .
preventative measures are , in my opinion , key , particularly in terms of climate change , and I hope that we can all convince ourselves that this is reality , not just a slogan .
with regard to Amendments 81 and 12 :
however , the EU should not deal with foreign policy , which is why we voted against this resolution .
so far , however , only 1 % of the EU budget is allocated to this sector , but it is not enough to cope with the difficult challenges of Europe .
the European Union needs a new Solidarity Fund more than ever .
in the Philippines , the humanitarian dimension has a humanitarian dimension , but it also has a clear political dimension and both are fundamental if we want to make progress in the failed peace negotiations .
why is Hezbollah still not on the list of terrorist organisations in the EU ?
it is true that this process was launched by the European Council meeting in Nice , at the European Council meeting in Nice , for the first time to link France to Germany , by contrast to the nature of the treaties .
the main point is , of course , that we should be able to export their products to these countries .
as the rapporteur for the whole type-approval directive , I know how much work it requires .
I also agree with the need to make a number of improvements in the auditing and budgetary management of the accounts in order to reduce the level of transmission and the level of cancellation that still remains high .
these persons must be guaranteed a fair and public trial in line with international standards .
the own-initiative report aims to make 15 million work available by 2015 and making it available to all the languages of the European Union and in all the languages of the European Union .
I wish you every success in your work .
I sincerely hope that this agreement will help to strengthen relations between the EU and Moldova , which the aim of the treaty was and , above all , to strengthen the human dimension of the European Neighbourhood Policy &apos; , or , in other words , to bring people closer together so that we can all learn each other more , and to feel better , because that is the truth that will strengthen the spirit and understanding of the European spirit .
as you have just said , you are running a great deal in Sweden and in Europe .
if we seriously consider the reform of the comprehensive CAP reform , any reform of the reform agenda must be the end of the payment of set-aside .
he was arrested in his demonstrations for participation , he has been banned , he has been banned , he was sent back to work in a working camp , and now he is in prison for using his freedom of speech , and the Chinese authorities are calling Liu Xiaobo a criminal , while the rest of the world recognises him for its peace efforts .
the Commission stands ready to support the implementation process , including in the area of funding issues .
today , the first time in history is not a difficult task .
it is therefore necessary to adapt the Maastricht criteria to the current climate and economic situation characterised by major cyclical movements .
the EU &apos;s 2012 budget should , in particular , promote employment and high quality employment and contribute to the implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy .
in the regions , more than one third of EU public investment is implemented and the use of structural funds is increasingly focused on growth and employment targets .
due to these additional costs for the rights of Objective 1 , ticket prices will be permanently rising for all passengers ;
all the questions that concern Russia are about what relations we want to build on this neighbour , which we want to build on the type of dialogue that we want to have to encourage Russia to assume our responsibilities and to expect its sense of responsibility , and how we can guide him in a way that is more consistent with international law .
realistically , it will not be possible until 2009 / 2010 .
in addition , the active and flexible financing of monetary policy , the enhancement of the funds of the financial institutions , has played an important role in keeping the credit institutions into the credit rating agencies .
we are confident that the Commission will be able to implement its new powers that the Council and Parliament have given it .
much remains to be done , and there are a number of different reasons for our problems .
together with Commissioner Špidla , who is responsible in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , we explained that these judgments do not question such fundamental rights as the right to strike , the right to belong to the trade union and some differences in the mechanisms of the working relationship of our countries .
an agreement was also reached for developing countries in the next three years from the funds for the EUR 7.2 trillion .
this compromise package has been eliminated by a number of these risks and hopefully it will result in a better consumption of consumption throughout the European Union .
another threat to Wales may be a proposal for renationalisation of funds from the structural funds , which means that British law on subsidies can be underestimated .
today Europe has a dream , or rather a vision : to develop energy supplies for the future in Europe and beyond its borders ; a vision of renewable energy has a key role to play in the middle of this century , helping to avoid conflicts in existing oil and gas supplies , mitigating climate change and ensuring access to energy for billions of people who have been left out of it .
in view of the increasing number of oil prices and the damage to the environment , we know that the EU must now strive for a more sustainable society by making energy more efficient using more renewable energies , investing in public transport and ensuring that our children live in a clean and healthy environment .
it is unacceptable that Hungary &apos;s invasion , Romania &apos;s military occupation and the looting of the country in November 1989 will be interpreted as a factor in managing the region , which is organised here in Brussels , at the centre of Europe , under the auspices of the European Parliament &apos;s members .
subject : Commission measures to create a environment which will encourage businesses to invest in research and encourage banks to finance these investments .
although regulation is necessary in some sectors , I personally prefer transparency and information obligations .
we can now leave the institutional issues to a certain extent and concentrate on the crucial political issues that will be addressed by European citizens because of course the citizens of Europe , for whom we are all fighting for , are worried .
in writing . - There are many funds available in the EU which have been made available to both citizens and other entities .
when can we expect a standard that provides maximum noise limits for toys ?
firstly , the report recognises the importance of the Water Framework Directive .
in recent days we have begun to see what we see in the PPE-DE Group .
it is clear that our influence outside the European Union and the stress test for the Member States will depend on whether we can organise it jointly in Europe .
one example is the women of these third countries where divorce is not recognised , but who live in the EU and seek a divorce or legal separation .
it is clear , especially in the next couple of years , we will not be able to count on the same efforts from those who must reduce their large industrial base , as is the case in the Union and in developing countries .
passengers are the victims of this situation and , if there is no alternative solution for them , they should not bear the financial costs .
it is certainly very clear that , in the context of dealing with different groups of flows , immigration liaison officers in third countries can , from the point of view of fundamental rights , cause a number of problems which relate , in particular , to the right of people to their country , including their own country , leave the right to flee and find protection for the protection of asylum seekers .
I would like to ask all my fellow Members and the Members of the Council and Parliament who have spoken to adopt measures to provide emergency aid to Lebanon .
as you know , the referendum campaign of Lisbon in Ireland is in full swing and we hope that on 2 October a positive result will be achieved .
how can we , for example , be satisfied with the position of encouraging legal immigration mainly to reduce the level of illegal immigration in the form of a &apos; European Blue Card &apos; , which is , in essence , a European Blue Card , in other words , European immigrants .
the development aid is not intended for this kind of cooperation , but some Members want to use the legal basis that will put us in the process of financing these activities precisely from the budget budget , even though this is what we are trying to avoid in this report .
I understand that Europe must take a critical look at its current economic and financial stability programmes in order to move forward together towards a stronger , more closely interconnected economy , using its potential as a major power of the world economy .
the result of deregulation in recent years is often the work that compulsory social security will be replaced by working conditions that are atypical and insecure .
I am afraid that the outcome will not be the case .
this should significantly accelerate the practical implementation of hydrogen components in particular , but hydrogen does not have to be used as a whole &apos; in traditional systems &apos; , in other words internal combustion engines because I think it makes no sense .
it is now up to the governments of European governments to look closely at their budgetary possibilities for this change to be adopted and approved .
it is not a commissioner , but they must treat their customers equally .
I am afraid , however , that the radical change that some of the measures in this review allow for just another missed opportunity for our own fisheries sector and fish stocks .
on 19 January , the European Parliament adopted EU legislation on patients &apos; rights in cross-border healthcare .
perhaps it is only right to think about the steps that have been made to become dependent on the specific countries that remain outside Europe .
the directives on settlement and financial stability function well , and have broad support on the market .
the development of a human and reasonable immigration policy is of paramount importance for society in the years to come , but it can only be done at EU level in order to avoid the impact of the elections and the unexpected reactions of states .
the debate is closed .
in recent times , there have certainly been more natural disasters .
landfills are the source of a number of toxic substances and biological sewage treatment plants will not be able to clean the waste from landfill sites , as the bacteria will also be toxic .
finally , the bilateral and mainly political Nord Stream project should also be resolved , taking into account the legitimate interests of all the countries around the Baltic Sea and certainly not before the Russian Government joining the Espoo Convention .
there is a consensus on the steps to coordinate European economies and the majority of these steps are completely in line with the proposals made in the communication of 12 May .
I would like to conclude by reply to Mr Howitt .
although progress has been made in the adoption of the whole of the acquis communautaire and in the granting of credible structures and good practice to national authorities , however , the target is still far from being achieved .
the consequences will certainly be felt in Pakistan .
we also call on the Commission to promote the interests of EU damage and , above all , the competitive advantage of the high quality and food products in the EU and ensure enhanced protection for the geographical indications of its partners , both through bilateral trade agreements and within the framework of ACTA and the WHO .
I would also like to thank my colleagues in the Committee on Regional Development for having supported the amendments tabled on the basis of the Commission &apos;s opinion , of which I am a member .
I believe that , thanks to good education and ongoing training , many European young people will be able to find a well paid work in line with their professional training or retraining .
is the Commission certain that the recent public debate on the &apos; changing budgetary reform &apos; reflects the view of the majority of European citizens whether the &apos; one message &apos; from &apos; hundreds of &apos; votes &apos; was actually reflected in the whole of the European Union ?
2 .
European City Guide is one of the main sources of complaints that I have been sending in this House for 10 years .
in a globalised world , Europe &apos;s continued success is for us to be able to cope effectively with all three issues .
we do not know what will happen from now until 2020 , and I therefore support this report .
on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , first of all , I regret the fact that the Swedish Presidency decided to adopt Parliament &apos;s report without waiting .
I would like to say the following .
EU policy is to punish Belarus and the Belarusians for the actions of these governments that they will not achieve the intended results .
if the European Fisheries Fund is not used in particular , it will need a review and reform .
the Serbian authorities must make every effort to ensure that the principles of the rule of law and democracy are properly respected in the country and monitor that corruption is constantly reduced in Serbia and that people who abuse their jobs will be subjected to severe punishment .
I think that we should monitor what is happening in Belarus very closely , because this is a matter for the whole of Europe .
I am pleased to note , however , that all the relevant parties consider this to be correct and necessary and technical solutions to ensure the traceability of medicinal products are necessary .
first I went to Washington and New York , which was the right step to build our important relations with the United States and the United Nations .
Commissioner , I believe that we are in agreement .
this is why the Greens are now a problem .
there was no need for us to tell us the truth .
Madam President , we have just learned that the Na Yar Yar is dead .
this has allowed workers and organisations working on the ground to deal with the problems and the issues faced by communities at local level .
at the same time , the Commission does not share the view of the current framework rules on jurisdiction in the framework of the framework decision , which would have a restrictive effect in view of the new forms of legal offence .
Europe is our home .
it has been proven that it is possible , and it has been done .
since mobility is a topic which is often spoken of , it would have been a good idea to convey a message to them on the journeys of more than 250 kilometres .
although it is understood that the aim of the proposed legislative framework is to simplify the creation of these infrastructures , experience has shown that , overall , the most developed countries will benefit .
the current Swedish Presidency has begun a great deal of work to ensure coherence in the EU &apos;s maritime policy and to ensure the link between Community action and the other pillar of the second pillar , in particular , the work done by the European Defence Agency .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , it is rightly noted that the aim of this proposal is to create a framework for a whole community .
it is important that , following the democratic impetus that has been given by the results of the referendum , negotiations would be as transparent as possible in order to secure a solid basis for further development of both new countries , as well as for the development of relations between the two countries and the international community .
the draft directive , which will shortly be submitted to the European Parliament for discussion , must lay down strict punitive measures at European level against each person involved in this type of trade .
( DA ) Madam President , violence against women is a problem that exists throughout the world and , of course , the view of the matter - both personal and political , points of view .
these are sufficient preconditions for the creation of market components in the region .
by this I mean the mistakes made by Germany , which refused the help of the Commission and tried to resolve the crisis alone .
you Germans have rejected the minimum wage .
in this context , the Commission will closely monitor the implementation of the budget measures adopted by the Greek authorities on 3 March 2010 and the additional budgetary measures adopted by the Greek Parliament on 5 March 2010 .
one example is Romania &apos;s Hungarians , whom I also represent .
but I do not wonder about anything , because you are prepared to push the constitution through without a doubt .
( PL ) Mr President , if the protection of biodiversity is a priority of the European Commission , the issue of cloning should not be considered at all .
it is not just a question of ethics , but one of the political strategies .
I believe that this will be a major success .
we have here two very good reports which will allow us to deepen the debate at a critical moment for the euro area .
for some of us , women and men , the quota system is a necessary instrument and , therefore , we believe that it is important for the European Union to follow the example of Norway , which will apply measures to increase the number of women in the management of national companies , at least 40 % , and will use the rules in order to have a quota , in order to have 40 % in the management of private companies .
imagine what could be spent on the hospitals , doctors and teachers in developing countries .
today , we are calling on Russia to respect the commitments it has taken in the context of the Council of Europe , the United Nations and the OSCE in the context of free and fair elections and to cooperate closely with the Office of Human Rights , in order to guarantee appropriate supervision .
I would therefore like to put forward the challenge to the Commission : the Solidarity Fund must be increased and allocated more resources to it , and EU aid must also focus on climate issues .
the European Parliament has today adopted a resolution on the trade relations between the European Union and Japan .
in Bosnia and Herzegovina , elections will be held in 2010 .
given the great importance of the CAP in the governments and the citizens of the European Union , I would argue that it should be as simple as possible , and in the context of the current rules .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see Minutes )
the Commission made a more ambitious , but equally realistic proposal for a reduction of 135 g / km .
however , now that the Turkish security forces arrested four members of the European Parliament in the occupied part of Cyprus , and in the European Union , the ruling of the Orthodox Christians did not doubt any doubt .
we do not understand how this issue will be debated in the Council and doubts and questioning the competence of the Union , if the treaty explicitly states that it is an area for which the EU is also responsible for this .
in my view , it is not yet late to bring things back , but for that we need to do - you , Mr President - and the new European Commission - without delay I will have to take the bull by the horns .
( ES ) Firstly , I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs on their excellent reports , but I will focus mainly on the report by Mrs Lefrançois .
show me where it is really up to the citizens &apos; money that they have really saved and not have had to pay them even more .
this sector must be promoted because it contributes to development and productivity .
it is important to discuss the possibility of financing infrastructure projects , such as the help of European bonds , as well as possible solutions for a European carbon tax , so that we can switch to sustainable production in Europe .
( applause )
thank you for your attention .
we need to insist that the Member States , which are producing a very small part of their energy from renewable sources , should remove this gap .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
there is a consensus in the main case where the consensus has been developed for many years in the various meetings .
Madam President , rapporteur , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to welcome Parliament &apos;s work on the proposal to amend the regulation establishing a European Training Foundation , and I particularly wish to thank the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs and its rapporteur , Mr Lehne .
the Swedish public prosecutor published the Swedish justice system , the Swedish legal system , the Schengen System and Interpol , and the European Arrest Warrant was issued .
in writing . - ( PL ) In the context of the debate on the situation in Member States in the debate on the EHEC outbreak , I would like to draw attention to the fact that , as a result of the decisions made by the EU and non-EU countries , the borders have been closed down and its aim is to protect the market from the influx of vegetables from countries where the contamination of the source can be treated .
since we established the European Union in order to finally support our common values - democracy , peace and freedom - it is our duty to intervene .
I hope that the accession negotiations will begin in the near future and that the European Council will confirm , within the framework of March , to agree on the Commission &apos;s recommendation for the opening of negotiations .
on behalf of the ECR Group . - Madam President , can I start by saying that what the Commissioner has said tonight did not convince me .
however , the rules should be applied to the functioning of the single market and cross-border trade , not only in relation to issues that relate solely to the economies of a Member State .
however , I also have to say with the same breath or say to Mr Kallas that I would be much more happy if it had already taken steps to ensure that the European Commission complies with the rules of the Financial Regulation , which came into force on 1 January 2007 , particularly in relation to the sharing of the beneficiaries of the beneficiaries of Community funds .
consumers &apos; organisations are doing a lot of work on the interests of energy consumers , particularly in the interests of vulnerable consumers .
I will conclude , Madam President , by saying that the moderate nature and the temperatures always lie in the round , but in moderation in the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms , particularly freedom of expression , is always a sin , always weakness and always cowardly ; as the representatives of the peoples of the European Union , we cannot allow ourselves to behave in this way .
although the gender approach of the framework of the Community directives for health and safety is neutral , it is not enough because of the inequalities and safety of women &apos;s health and safety in relation to the risks to the health and security of men , which is prevented and investigated .
the policies of the European Union are characterised by two key elements : firstly , the profound wealth of inequality that is the feature of the capitalist development method and , secondly , that Community funds are not distributed for grassroots needs , but will be allocated to companies and infrastructures in order to increase the capital benefits of monopoly groups through public and private partnerships .
there is a delicate battle on this .
we have managed to combine social democratic issues with great importance in the report .
we know we can also have other roads , which will lead to solidarity and fairness and to society , which is for all our citizens .
the reaction of the EU to this danger should not be confined to its aftermath intervention plans , it should start much earlier in relation to the handling of materials , their proper storage , limited access and controls .
as has been pointed out , the regulation has been implemented more than 30 years , and its provisions will be amended in line with the laws of the Member States quite often .
I think that the horizontal instrument contains many useful references to the modernisation of the acquis communautaire .
the EU must reduce its current dependence on the Gulf States .
it is a Commission for which the internal market is more important than the protection of the usual working interests .
1 % !
sanctions that affect the country &apos;s citizens , but its leaders .
I would like to point out that there was a serious risk that this directive , this package of documents , will go within the scope of the agreement .
if you vote with your attention , it may occasionally have occurred , and only occasionally , will it not result in the fact that Members will not raise their hands or because there is confusion , then there will be a mistake in assessing the results of the President .
the agreement does not recognise other ethnic groups .
I accept the position of the first reading , taking forward the Commission proposal .
finally , when it comes to foreign policy , we do not agree with the European doctrine of a neighbourhood policy in countries which do not comply with the point of association agreements .
( NL ) Madam President , the fact that there is a fact that there is a business and industry Commissioner , but not a competition Commissioner .
the situation seems to be quite creative , but we certainly cannot win confrontation on business or , in particular , on the technology issue : it must be avoided because it can be very dangerous .
this requires progressive management of innovative financial resources and a link with the economy .
I hear today said that the ageing of the population is one of the major challenges of climate change in the 21st century .
the text approved calls for the implementation of the recommendations made in the Goldstone report and responsibility for infringements of international law , including alleged war crimes .
we are very concerned , because the state of emergency has seriously threatened the strengthening of democratic institutions and the building of a more comprehensive democratic process .
the proposed amendment will allow for closer cooperation between the liaison officers &apos; networks , which will improve the exchange of information through the online IT platform and ensures that the Council and Parliament will be properly informed of the activities of these networks .
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of the new changes to the regulation , given that , until now , third-country nationals have had problems because of the restrictions on freedom of movement for long-stay visas .
a specific European response to this crisis for the outermost regions ...
first of all , I am pleased that the Foreign Minister , Mr Bildt , highlighted the most important message of Mr Albertini &apos;s resolution , namely that the EU will stand firm to continue the decision on enlargement policy and pursue it as one of the most successful EU policies .
the EU must monitor this very closely .
our group will also support your efforts to implement the new phase of the Lisbon Strategy efficiently and to secure a successful , fair and environmentally friendly future for Europe , and the competitiveness of our economy in order to exploit the opportunities for globalisation .
we cannot expect the visa applicants to bear the financial burden on the EU &apos;s additional requirements .
Mr President , what Mr Rack has just come out is an interesting idea .
if we do not want to get the public off the public with a European project , we must listen to their will and carry it out .
on the eve of the elections in Burma , I believe that we can achieve something only if we coordinate our action with the major world - China , India , the US and Russia .
it is very important to fight against protectionism ; at the same time it is important to ensure that we support their industries so that they can compete and trade in the future .
on behalf of the UEN Group . - ( GA ) Mr President , I would like to say that I welcome this report ; I think that the rapporteur has achieved a practical and comprehensive approach on the issue of discards in the sea .
the report contains information and analysis of the effectiveness of cohesion policy .
we believe that this is one of the most successful aspects of EU policy , provided that it is carried out on the basis of strict criteria and that it will also bear in mind the lessons learned from previous accessions .
the death penalty is often carried out in Libya .
we therefore need to implement measures in practice which will help women to enter or stay in the labour market or stay in and improve the conditions of family life , particularly those which will facilitate the balance of work / life .
if the EU wants to play a global lead force in these areas , it will have the tools for it .
we also have , as several Members have mentioned , a club that does not only take the largest and most advanced countries , but welcomes all those who are ready and willing to accept the EU &apos;s rules .
patients in the European Union need to know how they can avoid counterfeit medicines .
which mechanisms will have to ensure that a statement is examined thoroughly , before an asylum seeker is being sent back ?
however , Mr President , there was at least one way of dealing with this dispute , and it was a vote .
the Dublin system has proved in practice a mechanism promoting the EU &apos;s overall refugee policy .
anyone who wants pluralism and political competition should ensure that the electoral requirements laid down by the Council of Europe are complied with , and that the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) will be following the elections in the long term .
by the way , this facility was the idea of my predecessor .
I understand - we all understand - that , if the gross domestic income is reduced , there will also be a reduction in subsidies , but it should not , first of all , reduce the percentage of gross national income and then , in turn , result in lower payments due to the reduction of GNI .
the long term costs will rise and there will be a great deal of research to do .
do you know ?
in view of the ongoing working time of on-call time , we established the safety and safety of carers , including the perpetrators , others , and the health and safety of all European citizens .
both Members and their assistants must be involved in the reality of their country of origin .
Japan and its Indian allies have spent months before they have been spent in order to negotiate , to win the voters and to find the necessary votes to find the necessary votes here .
the decision to conclude the agreement on cooperation between the Agency for Fundamental Rights and the Council of Europe , along with the creation of the Agency and the proclamation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights , form part of the European Union &apos;s efforts to ensure its activity and its role as a promoter of human rights , both inside and outside the EU .
the specific and practical form of the strategy will also affect the action plan for achieving less CO2 emissions by 2050 and which will have to be published at the beginning of next year .
we have denied them the natural right to speak about how they should exist , and we are as far as we ignored the fact that they should have a referendum .
I welcome the work done by the rapporteur , and she has certainly eliminated many of the concerns that we could have , but I am wondering why we need it at all .
I think it is necessary to propose a comprehensive plan for programmes that would encourage and encourage young Roma intellectual knowledge to return to the community and work within the community and for the community .
do you have your impression ?
my political organisation has always supported the need to establish world capital quotas , for example in the &apos; Tobin tax &apos; .
this article will also create similar resources and foundations for the Council of Ministers .
( HU ) Mr President , Commissioner , the most important point in the 2008 budget is cohesion policy .
therefore , no further proposals or amendments will be adopted on Wednesday , on 16 February , more than 20 or 20 proposals .
I share the view of the Spanish Presidency : we are here to examine a strategy which is included in the document presented by the Commission , Europe 2020 and has been approved by the Council , thereby placing industrial and business policies at the centre of the strategy and will create prosperity and promote development in our society in the years to come and will promote development .
it will guarantee the Union &apos;s representation in the external relations , except for the common foreign and security policy , and the other in the treaties .
however , you have said that the situation in Bosnia has stabilised .
given that a large number of public-private partnerships , in particular , joint technology technology ( JI ) , will start in the Seventh Framework Programme of the European Community , in the framework of the Seventh Framework Programme for research , technological development and demonstration ( R &amp; D ) , and they manage independently of the EU budget ( e.g. EUR 440 million for the research into the use of hydrogen ) , I would like to know the following :
first of all , these small businesses must not cause any adverse difficulties .
the Employment Committee wants to extend these rights in such a way as to include equal working and rest periods , while clarifying workers &apos; rights to gain social security benefits and tax benefits .
we are in complete opposition to the EU &apos;s intention to facilitate the acquisition of wealth , natural resources and biodiversity in the region , in favour of multinationals , which will lead to exploitation of workers , increasing unemployment , destroying millions of farmers , destroying the environment and prevents the rights of peoples and independence .
on the two questions we have addressed , I am now presenting Commissioner Šemeta &apos;s question , which was , in fact , intended to ask Commissioner De Gucht .
I hope that these principles will also be supported by the European Council meeting in December .
the draft Council recommendation on the conclusion of a protocol establishing the fishing quotas and financial contribution provided for in the Fisheries Partnership Agreement with the Union of the Comoros is to describe the role of the European Parliament in the revision of the agreement procedure .
most of these areas are living in the countryside , which has been established as a result of years of human intervention .
I , too , think that the University of Lapland will be the best place for the Arctic Information Centre .
the first one relates to the issue of competences .
the citizens of the Czech Republic are more and more often complaining that - not only me personally but also the representatives of the regional and local authorities - of the German border area - the German police are persecuting them when they cross the Czech border whether in groups or in private vehicles .
we have a lot of functioning companies that have good profits for the credit crunch .
the language used today in many documents is very often difficult to understand and to understand the ordinary citizen .
however , as I cannot prevent EU citizens from exotic and tropical timber , it is important that these agreements are adopted .
in writing . - ( PT ) Commissioner Reding made a request to the House in the debate on this issue not to take advantage of the European institutions to tackle the problems that need to be resolved at national level , as laid down in the treaties .
this must , unfortunately , be both Afghan opportunities and other health .
it would be very useful for the debate to take place now , but we do not want a resolution because it would either have been put in a hurry or be published too late .
incidentally , Commissioner , I am sorry to say and I expect you to hear this for the first time , that the Budapest television packages have withdrawn from the English Euronest Senate and instead offer a Chinese programme , since unfortunately , the majority of the British television television television as Euronest is in the first place , given that the latter do not show Hungarian , whereas in our country there are , at present , a significant number of Chinese .
today , we are already in the European Parliament that many countries fail to adopt the relevant legislation at the right time .
the most important aspect of this report is that it highlights and clearly shows that Brussels has the right to identify courses of action and to write to the Member States of the priority issues and expenditure in areas that are , of course , clearly within the competence of the Member States , since each region has the right to decide its own priorities within the framework of its budget .
our leaders in Europe have been mistaken : support for immigration is not a method of reducing poverty or reducing it or increasing its growth .
we note with satisfaction that Articles 5 and 6 still leave the Commission powers to revise investment treaties , and if these agreements had major problems to do away from their own devices .
due to the economic and financial crisis , it is now the main concern of European citizens to lose their jobs .
like any potential candidate country , it will also be presented to Serbia in order to join the community of values , and I would therefore like to thank the rapporteur not only for this report , but also for having clearly presented these conditions in his speech .
under the Treaty , in the EU &apos;s external waters , fishing vessels are subject to the Union &apos;s exclusive competence in the maintenance of biological resources .
I think it is important that Finland &apos;s best practice and long-term tradition can continue as a result of the adoption of the new directive .
the key words must be to focus on the focus and flexibility .
as a mediator of different nationalities to the parents of parents , I am convinced that the proposal for a regulation will help to achieve peaceful solutions in the interests of children by defining the obligations of parents against children and laying down conditions which , in these circumstances , protect the well-being of children best .
in essence , it would end the policy of solidarity out of solidarity policy .
I do not believe that we can formulate a common defence or security policy for Europe .
thank you .
Turkey is a great friend of dictator Ahmadinejad .
will the Council comment on the progress made by the Member States in order to prevent waste of bio-waste in the recycling of landfills ( 1999 / 31 / EC ) ?
I would like , in spite of this , to point out that , with this regulation and the other , it is crucial for proper implementation and monitoring .
then the targets that are now being proposed would be reasonable .
the document we are discussing today is in line with these criteria .
today , I would like , in spite of our respect for the decision of the electorate in Ireland , not to suspend the ratification process and its completion .
these include , of course , many economic refugees and we must allocate them to genuine refugees .
what we have seen from the Ecolabel , which we have in Germany on the Ecolabel , does not ultimately be a question of personal preferences , but it is a consumer dream of the specific characteristics of the product .
for this reason , I have tabled an amendment on this subject .
hopefully , in 2011 , we will see that the problem of dangerous toys on the European market will be treated with greater commitment .
indeed , Denmark , which was able to speak out of the liberation , but attempted as a sovereign state to enter into the agreement with the Community in order to participate in certain aspects of this cooperation is now obliged to ask the Commission to allow itself to conclude new international agreements like others .
however , it is not enough simply to adopt EU funds for the decommissioning of the reactor .
I am pleased that there is broad consensus between Parliament and the Council on the importance and necessity of both objectives and the instruments that need to be made available .
since the European Parliament is now colegislator in this area , it will have a major role to play in this topic .
I consider the collection of data on housing , based on the conclusions of the 2001 European Council , which is based on the conclusions of the European Council .
unfortunately , illegal trade today is a reality and will increase in all Member States .
in writing . - ( PL ) I voted against the draft resolution because it is harmful and does not comply with European standards .
I will try to win the trust of those who did not give their votes in favour of it .
we hope that this proposal will be concluded by the summer .
nevertheless , the majority of this Parliament has given the Commission a blank cheque , setting out unclear restrictions such as &apos; proportionality &apos; and &apos; reciprocity &apos; .
please do not make this mistake , because on issues relating to human health , we are unanimous , and we will stick to it .
there should be no euro for ITER .
I welcome the integrated programme for the distribution of European audiovisual works worldwide , as the European market is fragmented compared with the US audiovisual industry , for example .
( FR ) For freedom fighters , there was a lot .
these are the best of them .
in Africa , for example , the largest US ambassador in Africa is in Kampala ; Uganda and Rwanda did not have anything to do with the US discharge .
it brings a lot of work to customs officials and they are a perfect gift .
I spoke with Commissioner Frattini after the meeting of 14 January , and I met him again two weeks ago when he said that he had given the services order to send a letter to the services .
at the same time , the processors give their large profits of profit , which they have so far been used to , to the price of sale .
in writing . - ( DE ) The classic jobs - full-time employment - have been quite slow in the workplace - the number of which has been rather slow , while there has been mass part-time work , seasonal work and the number of work we are doing on the basis of the supply agreements .
the third major problem that should be addressed is the internal market .
we will therefore proceed to the preparations for the summit .
consideration should be given to whether the EU should extend its responsibilities and play a more effective role in reaching common objectives ( by participating in a joint dialogue , deciding on common measures and coordination on the basis of the agreement between the EU and the OSCE .
does the Commission consider the arguments of the Belgian Court as a benchmark for the mobile termination rate rates for its main communication ?
I agree with the opinion made in the resolution that their participation in the elections is essential in order to avoid the exclusion of Kosovo &apos;s Serbs .
if not , we hope very much that the problem you have raised will be addressed and will be resolved in the context of the general negotiation of all those involved in a satisfactory solution .
at the start of the day , Europe was fighting for illiteracy ; 20 , secondly , all Europeans could read and write .
I would like to ask the Presidency of the European Parliament - not by you - not from you , but of the Presidency - whether we have a mediator whether the United States will talk to the European Union through the failure of the European Union , or whether they will negotiate bilaterally with certain Member States .
the measures we have taken so far to promote knowledge in very different areas are showing that more and more needs to move towards the dissemination of innovation and the implementation of our day-to-day life .
it will also be a good opportunity to establish a positive climate at the conciliation meeting in November .
the high interest rates of the Greek Government are not due to financial policy factors , but to the major risk premiums in relation to the problem of the lack of loans in the market .
there is also supervision and conflict prevention and resolution , and should also include Belarus and Ukraine .
I will not release it because of the fact that I did not speak here for Parliament , which I consider to be credible , a free trade agreement for the 21st century , which will bring enormous benefits to the economy of the European Union .
the dual strategy , which puts pressure on the opposition to violence against the violence and , at the same time , is promising a certain little reform without making any genuine political changes can lead , as we know , on the deterioration of the situation in all three countries .
so , therefore , the oral question is a proposal for the first revision of the debate and come up with new solutions and implement those laws that already exist that should help the Roma community .
we should be enthusiastic about what has been achieved in these countries and which goes well , but at the same time we have to express very clearly what remains to be done .
the ECB is one of the leading institutions that must try to respond to these courts .
the aim is , in fact , to obtain visa-free travel for citizens of Macedonia , Serbia and Montenegro on 1 January 2010 .
I was opposed to the failure of the UK &apos;s territorial waters to be identified .
in this context , I would like to conclude by reminding you of our aim of ensuring the concentration of carbon dioxide in the ocean , which was set in order to keep the temperature increase below 2 ° C .
this goes against the practice of practice and the protection of minorities in the field of internationally guaranteed rights .
in order to support the sustainable development of European aquaculture , and also for support for animal production , the EU has adopted a comprehensive animal health and food safety legislation .
we also need to improve and broaden the support of new teachers .
Member of the Commission . - The ethical analysis of the environmental ethical analysis financed by the Seventh Framework Programme provides for the protection of fundamental rights and ethical principles .
in the debate on the social package , we were talking about the lack of instruments for applying the principle of equal pay for work , and to reduce the pay gap between men and women .
certainly , it will mean that there is a need to return to the discussions on the quantities and size of the discussions , but not to consider a lack of photovoltaic cuts .
ladies and gentlemen , Iraq has taken a positive line .
indeed , in an important sector such as air transport , public service is required , which is supported by the European Union .
these are proportionate measures that always allow the freedom of movement to continue , the right , which can never be refused for economic reasons , because poverty cannot be a disgrace or cause for discrimination against citizens .
we have just had eight or nine hours for two countries - it was a couple of young children - that there were some two young children , one of whom had been approximately 6 or seven years old , and the second is very small .
this is a major problem .
the country should stick to its chosen path and must do so as a single neighbour of the European Union , which I hope will manage to ban this barbaric punishment .
( NL ) Mr President , it is difficult to go further in relations between the European Union and Belarus .
on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , I would like to say that in any case we still support the goal of introducing a common asylum system throughout the EU by 2012 .
so let us be easy , let us keep a simple , but let us not destroy the Solidarity Fund .
finally , I would like to express my great respect for all of the men and women of Iran who are risking so much ; they are coming to the streets , participating in various events in order to ask for observance of the rights to which they are entitled , according to the Iranian Constitution .
Article 26 ( 2 ) of the Constitution of the French Republic provides the same .
in conclusion , I would like to emphasise one thing : do not forget transparency and better exchange of information for all the European institutions .
I support the proposal to create a database for all the spatial data , long-distance surveillance and artisanal sectors , and to mobilise existing spatial data and websites .
the gas market is built on competition only if consumers have full access to information on the quantity of natural gas produced and the possibility of a supplier .
that is why we are in favour of adopting the resolution following this debate .
financial stability measures should also be applied for emergency banks in the EU at EU level in order to manage for crisis management .
our decisions on the environment , services , immigration and social security and many other issues will , in reality , affect the lives of our fellow citizens , who often have the least preferred situation .
at the same time , the debate had also seen a willingness to compromise in certain areas .
there is always the risk of improving gender roles and addressing &apos; women scientists in relation to the characteristics of &apos; researchers &apos; or the creation of absolute standards for measuring the achievements of researchers .
I would , of course , like to call on the Commission to negotiate a similar early warning system for the Chinese RAPEX system in relation to other countries , such as India , Vietnam , Russia or Turkey , to allow dangerous or fake products to be confiscated before European countries .
this must stop .
in the medium term , it will not be enough for the supervisory authorities to control the financial markets .
the fact that there are signs of recovery of the economy does not mean that we should also take back policies for support , which may have a negative impact on the economy in the long term .
of course , it is a mistaken statement .
the issue of own resources is covered by Article 311 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU .
it is a mistaken view .
I would therefore like to thank Commissioner Barnier , who has given us valuable information on this subject .
we appreciate this very much .
this means that a ceiling of financial assistance to EU Member States who are not members of the euro area and have difficulties in their balance of payments have increased from EUR 12 to EUR 25 billion .
finally , I think that recent events in Bahrain are forcing us to rely more firmly on respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms in relations between the Union and the Council .
this is why I emphasise my commitment to the creation of a European security and defence policy which will have real autonomy .
therefore , it can now be said that the &apos; Safer Internet &apos; programme has had a very positive effect .
Article 53 of the Financial Regulation stipulates that Member States should publish the names of the beneficiaries later .
I am told that , when there were discussions in the 1990s on the original directive , there were very serious concerns and debates have turned out to be very emotional .
I have therefore voted , together with the Verts / ALE Group , at EU level , although , as usual , I defended the independence of the European Central Bank against these repeated attacks .
this is , therefore , a question of introducing binding European legislation .
for me , Islam is anything other than a perverse ideology and a dictatorship of the 20th century .
Mr Lukashenko , the last dictator of Europe , we are a smile of ours and the harassment of our participation is being harassed behind our political opponents and their prisoners .
let us hope that now , in which you have returned freedom and a new life , you will find peace in the country of France , which is an important Member State of the European Union , and the Presidency of the Council , and that you will find your happiness , which is what you want .
the Hungarian socialist government completed in the course of the Hungarian socialist government established the weak position of the Hungarian economy , as none of the public investment or public procurement was not free from free corruption , whether of motorways , bridges of bridges , parks , health , national financing or EU procurement .
I would like here to hear clear and clear words from the Union for the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and I would like to see that not only does we call for sanctions against Iran , but also for such sanctions .
we have to understand that we want to improve the system so that the number of accidents reduced from 2009 and the consequences of these disasters will become less serious .
the debate is closed .
worse still - the agreement that I have to express - does not respect the guidelines for the European Council , the strategy for the European Union &apos;s Caribbean region and the strategy for the Union &apos;s outermost regions , which , in all three countries , is explicitly stated that the outermost regions need regional integration within the framework of the Cariforum , and that there is a need to create a interregional market between the two parties , with a view to achieving the overall development of the region .
it proves that the building is not only being able to follow , but also to lead .
environmental surveillance is very important .
I therefore oppose the proposal for agriculture and rural development so that fruit should only come from the EU .
mortality in heart , liver or lung transplants is usually between 15 or 30 % .
this is not just a limited resource , but it is also the only thing that local ones have to sell .
development of civil society in the framework of the Lisbon Treaty (
strangely , we do not have any legislation designed to detect and prevent recruitment in prisons or in certain &apos; sensitive &apos; cities .
the Union is now composed of large numbers of Member States .
we are giving them rights that they give them temporary residence permits until the situation becomes calm , and we will make them compulsory for European ones .
on behalf of the PPE Group . - ( RO ) The enlargement of the countries of Mexico in the areas bordering the United States of America , in particular in the Algarve , is deeply worrying .
the European Commission should be afraid of the shame and the proposal to withdraw from that proposal .
in spite of the uprisings in London and Tokyo , which includes the ninth largest organisation established by the ICAO and the Special Centre for London , which issued the risk maps of the volcanic ash cloud , we also need to improve European infrastructure by introducing a system of concentration of the concentration of volcanic ash in real systems .
as has already been said , next week , the Stockholm Summit will pay most attention to areas in which we have common interests such as climate change and energy and the global economic crisis .
the sharp volatility of food prices is damaging to farmers , consumers and even whole countries .
I also - as the ECR have done - reject this dreadful draft , which would be a terrible breach of personal rights , and I invite President Reding to ban it .
Mr President , I think that , in the current economic climate , it is absolutely necessary to do everything in our power to protect those members of society who want to contribute to our economy .
I would also like to say that , following the Treaty of Lisbon , the human rights situation has changed .
the death penalty for teenagers is against the international obligations of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
as is well known , the Commission has been closely involved in the statistics in Greece over a number of years .
the decision to leave the Armenian genocide into a new resolution is a step backwards and cannot be supported .
it is very important to create greater transparency in the presentation of contractual information and information on the table and the standardised information that several of the previous speakers have already mentioned .
- ( DE ) Madam President , the June List was the most bloody month since the fall of the Taliban regime in 2001 .
it is important that Latvia does not remain in this situation alone .
this resolution is , of course , one of the ways in which it is committed .
the fight was based on night and also afterwards on 9 and 10 August .
I regret the fact that the drafting of the text has been so difficult and complex , despite the fact that all of us have a common central aim .
in turn , the Council of Transport Ministers , yesterday , adopted a very clear position in calling on the Member States to do their utmost to make available to the public as much alternative transport opportunities as possible to tackle this extremely serious situation affecting the mobility of citizens of the European Union , and of other citizens as well .
it is now a defeat of the re-election of President Ouattara who has begun an attack on the al-Qaeda attack .
violence in Guinea became a global condemnation .
I am voting for this proposal as it recommends strengthening the role of the EU in the multilateral system .
therefore , this does not apply only to reform , but also to the implementation of the existing acquis in the run-up to any reform .
since we are a small nuclear state , we are accustomed to having more international tests on the nuclear power plants of our country than in the stations of major countries .
now , however , now that many of the countries of the European Union , including those in the euro area , find themselves in this unsustainable situation , we cannot simply reverse the situation and do so in the shortest possible time , ignoring the difficult economic environment surrounding us .
the European Union has a right and a duty to take preventative measures and organise mediation , as the EU represents a project for peace that has been carried out for the past 50 years .
on the contrary , trade policy and agricultural policy can and must not be supported by each other .
what steps will you , Commissioner , take in the near future to make this information more accessible to the people ?
finally , the fact that Turkey is represented in the G20 demonstrates the importance of this country and the geostrategic role it could play in the countries of the country .
therefore , by adopting a directive that does not result in a reduction and will only lead to cosmetic corrections , this will certainly send out a bad signal in relation to the reduction of the overall administrative burden we have been talking about .
the projects covered by the International Monetary Fund are already complementary to what has happened in the PEACE programme .
I ask you to accept the request for a roll-call vote , because something has gone wrong in a technical aspect .
however , as the Commission has just pointed out , we do not yet have these new vaccines , because research is still at the stage of clinical stages and we are only trying to test their effectiveness in the case of people .
the aim will be to achieve full employment , a social and economic model for Europe becoming a sustainable social market economy , and the basic social rights laid down in the agreement .
the main thing is that the enforcement of judgments of the European Court of Justice should remove the causes that lead to violations of human rights .
I repeat , on behalf of the European Parliament , its call for respect for freedom of religion and the end of religious violence in the world .
thank you for your attention .
we in the European Parliament and the Commission need to develop this policy together and transparently .
it is important for Europe to set a target of 20 % reduction in emissions by 2020 , which may even fall to 30 % in reaching an international agreement .
in writing . - ( HU ) We are returning to the latest convergence policy three years and seeing its good achievements , as well as the errors that need to be corrected , the European Parliament is not only about the past , but also a future .
we are now looking at the Member States as to whether they apply the working time rules for self-employed drivers and how they monitor compliance with these rules .
based on this report , the main objective of the radio spectrum policy programme is to ensure broadband access for all EU citizens by 2013 and high-speed broadband by 2020 .
we must stop saying that the social dimension is not part of the European competence .
I therefore think that increased coordination may be necessary .
so , now , Commissioner , the Commission &apos;s service , the Agency - will have to ensure that the Member States really do what they have included in the control of port state control , the classification of classification societies , the Solomon Islands and other issues , which are now to be concluded or complementary .
in this context , the European Aviation Safety Agency ( EASA ) is preparing a set of rules on the requirements and risk assessment of the air service requirements and the risk assessment of the explosive airspace of volcanic substances .
it also recognises the need for open standards and their significant contribution to innovation and competition , as well as the need for a genuine choice of choice for the consumer .
2 .
attempts to prevent Members of Parliament from expressing their opinions on matters of matters of general interest and calculation of their own political opponents is unacceptable in a democratic society and is a violation of Article 8 of the Protocol , which is intended to protect the freedom of expression of Members of the European Union in the interests of Parliament as an institution of the European Union .
the harmonisation of these legislation across the EU will receive certainty that the rules that apply in their domestic market will also be applied everywhere in the European Union .
in writing . - ( PT ) Kenya cannot ignore the extreme importance of reaching an international post-Kyoto agreement in the context of a significant reduction in CO2 emissions .
this gas is in large quantities in France , Poland and Bulgaria .
I also want to ask for independent investigations , as requested in the motion for a resolution before us , which we will support in order to find out who the attacks they had , which they represent , and what is being done in the security system of East Timor in the wrong way , both in East Timor and , above all , internationally .
I am pleased that the Commission has made some concessions in its four statements , so we are now agreeing with what has enabled 2010 progress , and three years from now , we will meet again in order to reconsider the legislation .
new visa rules for the western Balkans ( Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , Montenegro , Serbia ) ( debate )
I believe that the European Union will , in future , will overcome these nets .
perhaps it should now be considered an international security and defence policy mission under NATO &apos;s coins under NATO or by France to remove this global threat , in particular , in Mali , Mauritania and Niger , which are already very poor countries and need any help that we can give them .
the European Union should seek to restore the work of both chambers in Parliament , which has been suspended by the new government .
thirdly , I see that there is no word &apos; nuclear in the resolution &apos; .
subject : energy - World Trade Organisation
we therefore insist on the rejection of the proposal of the Commission proposal and the 2002 Directive , which should have been applied since 2009 to apply to self-employed drivers in order to combat social dumping , to protect the rights of workers in the transport sector to health and leave and to improve the conditions for road safety .
27 .
Ireland is not a Eurosceptic in my mind , far from it .
the Food Safety Directive - as you know - has now been repealed - will see that the old oil must be processed and put off .
this would make it impossible to produce normal sustainable agricultural production .
let me conclude , at last , one of the President , if I may , that my administration will work to make the government unprecedented open .
this is a completely new challenge for our countries .
only in this way will it be possible to gain respect for and strengthen trust , not only within the country but also in our relations with the EU .
I think that there is only one good solution to this .
the public procurement is estimated to be estimated at EUR 1 800 000 per year .
we only have to look at the last policy of financial market regulation in order to see - if we are reasonably honest - that we have promised the market - in the end of the years - really out of the years - to regulate the markets that have gone out of hand , but up to now , we have only been able to make good progress .
EMAS is a voluntary programme that provides a framework for helping companies and organisations to improve their environmental performance .
a worker working in this company may find itself bound by another company .
( DE ) Madam President , we are in the minds of the victims of 31 May and sympathise with their relatives and friends .
the unpleasant nature of the system is the fact that it may result in other disappointment , as VAT is collected at the most recent stage of the supply chain .
on behalf of the PPE Group . - The implementation of the European Semester , which was begun at the start of the year , will help to strengthen budgetary discipline , macroeconomic stability and growth and oblige Member States to change their economic and budgetary policies .
it is unacceptable for the US to give in to the bombing of so-called political asylum in the bomb attacks .
people are fighting against dictatorial gangs and that is a good thing .
the coal industry has once again been a revolution at a time of crisis , at which time is fast approaching the 60th anniversary of the miners &apos; strike .
thirdly , we also need something that I would call &apos; the path of spirit &apos; , which would show the way for Europe .
we must not overlook the fact that some countries are not recognised as a new service .
we want to be in the forefront of change .
empty promises on global warming will not stop .
I would like to draw attention to the fact that it is totally inconceivable to achieve the maximum sustainable yield for all fish species at the same time .
we believe it is important for us to have comprehensive legislation .
firstly , the urgent need to make the Member States more accountable for the identification of fraud and irregularities and for the information they need to combat fraud , waste and distortions of costs .
I think that the Green Paper on the Commission &apos;s document , which has diagnosed precisely the current challenges faced by the EU &apos;s cohesion policy , is a green paper .
I voted in favour of the report on early childhood education because I would argue that parental leave is an important part of a young child and a child &apos;s life .
I would like to remind the Dutch Republic of the Presidency of its responsibilities to the European Union and its citizens .
allow me , in two minutes , to mention a couple of further points in relation to these two issues : one question was a member of the Lukashenko Government .
Madam President , we will then have a transparency register .
first of all , we need to support the rapporteur &apos;s proposal for a budget of revenue and expenditure for the European Parliament in April 2010 as approved by the Bureau of the European Parliament in April this year .
his predecessor has already called on the United Nations Security Council to examine crimes against humanity in Burma , as has been done in Rwanda , Bosnia and Darfur .
thirdly , the Leonardo Vinci report recommends the whole of the EU &apos;s added value for movements of funds in certain jurisdictions or one .
moreover , I , along with my fellow Member , Mrs Kroes , is very committed to the Digital Agenda .
we know that the eurozone was not an optimal currency area .
we need to work actively with the Member States to encourage these political commitments to be fulfilled and put pressure on the ground to develop functional airspace blocks .
all of them were encouraged to take part in joint action against these oppressors .
according to the Council of Europe , between 5 % and 10 % of the survivors of the survivors are in the process of illegal trade in organs , which means a thousand victims a year .
as soon as Christmas , I call on the Council to put forward a decision on the years to come .
of course , there are shortcomings in Russia &apos;s respect for democracy and the rule of law .
we support the real initiatives that are taking place for the rights of workers all over Europe , but , when the Treaty of Lisbon and the Charter of Fundamental Rights are , in fact , really the sort of competence of the European Court of Justice , which advocate the exploitation of foreign labour by employers of cross-border business , how can we support it ?
the financial economy must be against the real economy .
we need to establish separate rules for local public transport in order to guarantee that the customers will be treated there and not .
as a result , I wonder whether , if the Commission , in its opinion , has the information it is having and is obliged to publish , then why no one would have known as a basis for example .
in the Committee on Budgetary Control , it will be possible to see all the figures on what has been done to return the funds paid .
what has already been said , I would just like to add that between 2000 and 2007 20 000 children were lost , and 500 of them have been found .
let us be honest : deeper economic integration has nothing to do with this , which is why it refers to a closer political union .
within the framework of the second plenary part-session of March , the debate will be held on the priorities for adapting the cohesion policy .
there is a legitimate concern that more efficiency is achieved at the expense of citizens &apos; rights , and it is high time to overcome this gap .
Spain is grateful to the European Union , its founding fathers and large countries such as France , Germany , Italy , which has helped to bring democracy to our country , has welcomed us in Europe and helped our development with our development .
Madam President , let us get back on the whole of global warming after the Copenhagen Summit .
could you please specify which , in the form of the Rules of Procedure , the subject was raised and the vote was held on the ground in order to take up the agenda , which we needed to start discussing this afternoon ?
I would like to address some of the questions that have already been mentioned .
( NL ) Madam President , I see that I am fortunate , I am not the only one to be deeply hesitant in this rather than rather absurd initiative whose undeniable aim is to discredit Italy as a country where freedom of information is , to a large extent , threatened .
the President of the Commission , among others , will also confirm that this change would only be limited , but the German Government does not seem to believe that .
we will need better and more investment in education and training .
therefore , the number of European average donors is 20 in 20 and a 0.5 % in Romania .
I would like , however , to draw attention to the presence of certain weaknesses , in particular in the planning of recruitment , which I hope can quickly improve the situation in the area of economic pollution .
in writing . - ( PT ) With regard to information on medicinal products subject to medical prescription , patients &apos; health is guaranteed by better results , since they are more aware that patients are better informed of their treatment .
it is also the case that the situation in Europe is positive about the quantity of fish and , overall , on the quality of the environment .
we must now act , and , after having discussed the Americans , I think that it will put us in negotiations on a better situation and will provide an equal basis which will allow us to strengthen security and the rights of citizens in the European Union and perhaps even in the United States .
however , there are a need for several clarifications in the sector .
each speaker has a minute .
relations between Turkey and Turkey ( vote )
advertising is an important tool of work which will ensure that the free market functions in the best way .
it will also ensure uniform conditions in the application of the control and enforcement measures and in the costs borne by the Member States in relation to the control and implementation of the common fisheries policy ( CFP ) and also in the collection , management and exploitation of the CFP .
this is why it is so important to review the coherence to ensure that our own political activity does not harm or undermine development policies .
without mentioning the Commission &apos;s consent , which Mr Brok talked about and which extends the competence of the European Parliament even further .
moreover , cooperation with Russia must not lead to weakening European protection in this area .
it has to do with coastal fishermen and historical rights .
we Members of the Greek Communist Party oppose the sale of the railways , particularly in Greece , where rail transport does not meet the needs of the people and , in many cases , it will continue to run out of outdated infrastructure and equipment .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( IT ) I would also like to request a roll-call vote in the final vote .
together they will be able to boost the changes and solutions at global level , for example , working closely with the promotion and implementation of the development goals to combat poverty and economic and social inequalities at world level , strengthening cooperation in the field of development aid , including trilateral cooperation , while fighting international terrorism , drug trafficking and crime .
austerity must be sensible in view of the future .
it is important to give the right message to the Member States that will receive European funding through medium-term financial assistance .
11 .
the text of the new OLAF framework was the subject of consultations between the Council of the European Union , the Court of Auditors and the Data Protection Ombudsman , in addition , which is important , a public debate was held - in other words , consulted the public opinion .
does the Commission share the view that such a mechanism could help to create a cohesion policy that is more robust for achieving the result ?
the natural disaster in the Far East last week was shocked by every decent person .
there needs to be resources for this , and I would like to thank the Commission and , in particular , Commissioner Figeľ , for the Commission to agree on this matter .
my studies , however , have just taken a very long time , as you will see my life hoped .
I do not believe that the people of Europe want these artificial dyes and I think we should pay more attention to what the people want to see in their food and not what companies want to .
I am convinced that in this debate , the Council should have been present , and it must be on the subject of overtime and which has been repeated .
it is crucial to support them , not only in relation to meat but also with regard to milk - a sector that I know very well in the area of lesbians .
my appeal is that it always acts in a coordinated manner throughout the world to help our businesses in Wales , the EU and elsewhere in future access to capital .
the microfinance facility is an interesting instrument in order to offer financial support to people who are unemployed or who are in danger of being unemployed or have the risk of being unemployed , as well as for companies in the social economy sector .
it is in this spirit that the coordination of the Commission &apos;s measures will take place .
we have been listening to airline operators , the security services of the Member States and the EU Counter-Terrorism Coordinator .
I would like to assure all of you , today , that , once the European Parliament will elect my office , I will implement these political guidelines in my second term and I will follow them , along with the legislative and work programme of the new Commissioners .
in a statement , we reaffirm that all eurozone members must take credible national policies in line with the agreed rules and should be aware of their shared responsibility for economic and financial stability within the euro area .
we are currently seeing energy dependence problems .
in writing . - ( IT ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I voted in favour of Mr Beaupuy &apos;s report on the national energy saving action plans .
this is indeed one of the areas where the Members who cooperate with us can contribute significantly .
the EP has established itself as a community of institutional expertise and European public life , but it also creates ever closer links with the national parliaments , of which there is a large majority here today .
he is wrong .
decisions concerning certain documents ( Minutes )
as the Belarusian economy is largely without reform and without structuring , we expect the negative trend to continue with the negative social consequences of this .
according to applicants , the relevant procedure is often based on opaque criteria .
I am sorry that the remaining 10 or twelve Members could not have taken the floor but , given the timing and the rules of the Rules of Procedure , it was impossible .
our main conclusions were to speed up regional dialogue and support regional integration , strengthen bilateral relations - taking into account the diversity of the region - and to adapt our cooperation programmes to increase the coherence and results of these animals .
therefore , we do not want to introduce such a model in Europe , knowing very well that in my own country , in my region , access to the Internet is limited .
in writing . - ( FR ) I welcome the adoption of the common position of the Council &apos;s common position , which will amend the proposal for a common position of the Safety Council in 1997 at second reading , which is aimed at completing the internal market in postal services , and I thank my excellent German colleague , Markus Ferber , for the huge amount of work on this issue .
the current recast regulation deals mainly with the production of substances in the ozone layer , imports , export , placing it on the market , recycling , recycling , recovery , recycling and destruction .
the Liberal Group has submitted an application to extend the deadline for the joint motions for resolutions and amendments to the European Parliament &apos;s priorities in relation to the Commission &apos;s legislative and work programme for tomorrow , Tuesday , 23 December 2008 : 00 .
written statements ( Rule 149 )
coordination of social security systems - coordination of social insurance systems : Annex XI - Regulation ( EC ) No 883 / 2004 extension to third-country nationals who do not include these provisions ( debate )
we hope that this potential will be used and will become reality .
we will therefore have an excellent opportunity to shape the legislation in these new areas where it is still lacking .
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution , drafted by the different political groups .
does the Member States also show their unity here ?
the study , which was carried out recently in the University of University , has aroused anxiety in this Chamber in relation to the potential risks of azo dyes , which are used for certain types of sweets and drinks .
people believe that the mass destruction of the name of the fight against the spread of the disease should take place as humane as possible .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it would really be hypocritical if Parliament had supported the oral amendment by Mrs Angelilli with a very large majority , which gives the support of the European Parliament our condolences and support for the families of the families of those who have taken place in our own country , and who are not able to adopt a firm position in order to avoid these acts , this massacre of honest citizens , which will take place due to lack of control .
fishing supervision is currently a major responsibility for the Member States , either because of the CFP or the multilateral cooperation , which is also demonstrated by the proposed transposition .
following the analysis contained in the proposal , it is certain that the compromise package supported by the groups in the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , the Alliance of European Parliament and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats in the European Parliament fully reflects the interests of the relevant groups affected directly by the directive .
we therefore ask the Commissioner , Mr Mandelson , who confirmed that he did not intend to negotiate on the GSP + provisions , to remove the proposal for a EPA with the countries of the Caribbean region to join the following agreements and to commit obligations within the framework of the next treaties and the provisions : the Treaty on patents , the agreement on patent law and Directive 2004 / 48 / EC ( IPR enforcement enforcement ) .
thank you and to the College and staff of the entire College .
in this regard , we need to be very careful that we do not set too much regulation and that there will not be a market from the market .
the introduction of electronic data in the Polish pension system has largely reduced the number of errors in the transfer of insurance data between the institutions .
safety must be considered a priority in all areas of air , as well as in airports , and must not be a competence of national authorities in terms of competence .
this is one ideological argument I would like to remove .
the overall situation in the global economy will increase the fear of increased growth and job losses in Europe .
it is important to protect investors , but the Commission is asked to put forward a clear definition of the investments that will be protected .
however , what is most incredible of all that many MEPs who are protecting Christians around the world always support Turkey &apos;s accession to the EU .
we should be pleased that the principle in idem principle is guaranteed in the courts of the Member States .
( HU ) Madam President , I would like to say that I completely agree with the rapporteur and support him , and also Commissioner Malmström in seeking a solution to this problem , in the search for this problem , in line with the principles of the rule of law , respect for human rights , data protection and , of course , security considerations .
the number of honourable Members should not exceed 10 % of posts or 20 .
but the solution to the problem is certainly not the best method of imposing financial incentives for the employer if they encourage their female female workers to have children .
I count on you , Commissioner .
moreover , given the energy problem , the Presidency will focus on the progress of the energy dossier on 15 chapters , which is one of the priorities .
in this context , the European Union is obliged to monitor developments closely in relation to human rights and use all of its influence to change this negative trend .
the reality of people &apos;s reality in relation to climate protection seems to have disappeared .
thank you .
the European Parliament has been hesitant for five months : whether the human rights of women should be a priority or not .
there have been many issues , including intellectual property rights and public procurement , and investment capital has reduced the scale of political measures on both sides .
it seems to me that one particularly important area is civil society .
in Kigali , the work is paid well , but it will also make energy for the whole of the future .
Madam High Representative , I thank Mr Salafranca Sánchez-Neyra for this excellent report on the EU &apos;s strategic relations and partnership with Latin America .
I wholeheartedly support Mrs Doyle &apos;s every policy which obliges fishermen to land to land all their catches .
I have received the full support of Mrs Gomes .
this initiative will therefore make an important contribution to our ambitious goals as part of the partnership for growth and employment .
( RO ) On Saturday , for Monday , Romanians were elected for the first time by their representatives .
written statements ( Rule 149 )
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on Burma .
in writing . - ( PL ) I voted in favour of the resolution on human rights violations in the vote because we must not allow them to be violated or to disagree with either the people or the citizens .
it is therefore important to promote diversity in agricultural production , which extends to the traditional farming and small crops of the big commercial sectors ; to ensure that young farmers have access to credit ; to encourage the development of management plans for food stocks to contribute to world trade and to shift prices on the world market .
this means that Europe must fight a new vision and complex policies in order to maintain its position in the world economy .
the Council must be controlled in the same vein as other European agencies and the written documents need to be submitted to discharge .
however , it is very important to ensure that the process is in line with EU data protection legislation .
there should be no regulation of the regulation of any financial institution , whether national or private .
in writing . - When the adoption of the regulation on which we adopted in 2004 on 19 February 2004 , Frontex had not yet been set up .
President-in-Office of the Council . - ( DE ) Madam President , President-in-Office of the Council , today , many subjects have been blocked because the problem is that Parliament will continue to want to apply the Community method , but the Council does not want to move in that direction .
I believe that a gradual consolidation of the budget and the protection of the social model of the European social model are needed for the whole of economic growth .
the report urged , in particular , the allocation of funds to Eurojust and Europol , which is not in line with the law of the United Kingdom .
I also note in your report that ...
the EU must propose a set of short-term objectives that Bosnia can meet so that its citizens can see that progress is being made and to find an incentive for the continuation of the reform process .
these organisations can contribute to the issue of consumer protection at the centre of the dialogue on the regulation of the financial markets .
we have had good initiatives and successes , such as growth and job creation , or &apos; think small first &apos; , and it has been a legislative success - the Services Directive , the supervision of financial market regulation , climate change policy and a new energy package than some here .
I did so because I consider it essential to improve the EU &apos;s capacity to react to disasters and that the preventive plan has become increasingly necessary , as is the EU &apos;s global integrated integrated response measures .
EC-Syria Euro-Mediterranean Agreement ( vote )
Prime Minister Orbán , you are repeating the Hungarian economy .
we have set up Mrs Hedegaard &apos;s agenda for the reduction of CO2 emissions in the energy sector by a minimum of 10 % in 2050 .
however , we need to keep our values : we cannot allow the structure of the country to be distorted by the manipulation of the nationalist rhetoric or the considerable distant history of the history of the past .
different courses of activity can complement each other , as I will see in the future .
( applause )
I also think that it is also a good thing - and it is also something that is , in fact , the imperative of the Lisbon Treaty that the position of this House in the field of international negotiations on international negotiations will significantly improve and that Parliament will have to be given genuine access to all the information and all the consultations .
I think we have achieved legislation on the citizens &apos; initiative .
this evening it will go too soon to blind and , if the work is taken off from the home , and it wants to go into sport or children .
( applause )
we in the European Union have an obvious capacity in the case of motor vehicles .
this will enable Europe to function better and provide it with the tools it needs to do so in order to speak out of the world &apos;s world stage .
it must be based on an integrated approach linking the implementation of existing and new standards and the dissemination of good practice .
Commissioner Füle rightly said that the economic conditions will make political difficulties more acute .
at the same time , it will provide a system and , more generally , the Schengen acquis to deal with international crime and corruption .
author . - Mr President , before we are going to vote on the resolution I have tabled on the accession process of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , I would like to make three technical remarks so that everyone can decide on the correct text .
the unemployment rate among young people in the world at the beginning of the year has exceeded 20 % of the economic crisis and , at the same time , the school drop-out rate of 17 % of school mortality is 17 % , with the most of which affects young people in rural areas .
if we support the Uighurs , let us have this friendly call for the Chinese , because the Uyghurs are threatened by cultural terminology !
the political short-sightedness in Georgia &apos;s crisis is not only increasing its growth in the history of the European Union , but also a major strain on relations with Russia .
these deficits will damage both the Member States and the victims of persecution .
when food safety is one of the main requirements and the biggest challenges in the market , where there are over 500 million consumers , this assessment and investigation requires extremely high level of professionalism , effectiveness and impartiality .
Stockholm Programme ( vote )
it is therefore of the utmost importance for each Member State to implement the structural reforms to which the Commission and the European Central Bank have highlighted several times in the past .
( FR ) Mr President , at a time of economic downturn , it is important for the European Union to continue its solidarity with developing countries .
yes , I believe that we need to review the situation in relation to the standards for genetically modified organisms .
the next item is the vote .
this role must be fulfilled by the IMF .
I agree with the Commissioner that the representation of the EU in the Gulf Cooperation Council ( IPPC ) is a good thing , but my question to the Commission is as follows :
it is true that we need to educate them , but not in saying that we need a policy at EU level in order to cope with the challenges of a globalised economy .
it is up to the Member States to distribute the funds up until June .
I ask the Commission to carry out studies and to draw up projects for the Black Sea region , which has become a strategic area from the point of view of the trans-European networks .
I think we should have the rule that we should know at least two hours who will speak during the one-minute speeches .
in writing . - The Guillaume report covers important legal aspects and stresses the need to respect human rights in the case of persons seeking asylum .
it is true that we cannot break the problem of undeclared work through regulation alone .
I therefore support the proposal to step up cooperation , even though some Member States do not participate in cooperation .
this is the reason for the fact that the salaries of Members of the European Parliament will govern the Statute for Members of the European Parliament and a basic regulation must be amended to change Members &apos; salaries or updating it , which cannot be done by voting on the EU budget for any year in plenary .
yes , it is - internal outbreaks .
we already have some examples of this .
the Commission will analyse the possibility of initiating projects which will help Pakistan to combat terrorism better .
the right response would be to agree on a European strategy for the high prices of food and energy together , together with the protection of poorer households .
the method of fulfilling the accession criteria , in particular Chapter 23 of the law and fundamental rights , is an important milestone for this country in the pursuit of European standards .
good luck .
ethical diversity must be defended , so I am pleased that this issue is addressed in the report .
in so doing , I would like to draw attention to the fact that Kosovo is an integral part of Serbia , and it is not a separate subject on the basis of international law .
on these considerations , I voted in favour of the Portuguese candidate for the post of European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority , which considers it necessary to comply with strict rules in relation to independence .
for this reason we abstained from voting .
further cooperation in this area will have foreseen for the years to come .
secondly , I would like to emphasise that , given that there is no coordination on the transfer of organs available today , it is very important to strengthen precisely this part and , more specifically , to coordinate the existing existing cooperation between the Member States , for example , through a European donor card and a trans-European information line .
I firmly believe that each of the EU Member State governments have a basic duty to express their opinion on false information and intelligence .
the statistics on international organisations are appalling : in the world , approximately 150 000 Christians are murdered in the world each year .
in these areas our work will be assessed on the basis of the results we have achieved .
the EU now requires a reduction in costs , but can it be realistic to expect that public sector spending in Greece will be reduced , while 20 % of the working population is working in one country , and when 50 % of SMEs are the only client of the market ?
I think it would be fair to point out that in these months in which we , as the Commission and the Council , have worked closely together , we achieved an important objective for the European Union , mainly prioritising the question of the European political agenda in the field of issues of technical nature .
the idea of a web TV programme as a technical information channel is an acceptable intention , but it should not be implemented in the way that it was recommended at present .
the September 2008 communication entitled &apos; Multilingualism : an asset for Europe and a shared obligation &apos; has confirmed the support of the Commission for all the languages spoken in the Community , including the languages spoken by minorities .
Mr Frattini &apos;s proposal , which concerns the presentation of the proposed quota transfer package , may , in my opinion , facilitate the reduction of illegal migration within the European Union , but it can also be achieved in the control of illegal migration in third countries .
in Britain , illegal immigration is a huge problem .
we all want to come to a mature , but not to be isolated and out of society .
that is why we are preparing a very important package of access , of opportunity and of solidarity , which will be ready before the summer .
we call on the Commission to stick to the promise made to the House that all aspects of discrimination in the EU cover all aspects of discrimination .
as long as the European Union does not speak with one voice in its common foreign and security policy , we will have very many tools to put in place effective and systematic Community sanctions .
it is clear that , after the war in Georgia , the West needed the little of what can be done in trying to balance the growing influence of Moscow in the post-Soviet territory .
the policy proposal for a &apos; soft landing for the Commission &apos; and annual 2 % increase in quotas until 2014 , when the current regulation expires , increases the unequal distribution of quotas between the Member States .
we will not manage this burden on private entrepreneurship .
so the question that we need to address here today and in the future is two aspects :
in addition , we need clarity and sense of responsibility for victims .
migration , economic uncertainty and political tensions are also putting pressure on the relationship between the various cultural , ethnic and religious groups .
the cohesion of this country is in our hands .
it also advocates the creation of a safety net and supports the links of small farmers .
it is therefore essential for the European Union &apos;s Member States to harmonise and harmonise the waste of waste and the recycling of waste .
if we speak of the development of technology , it must be in all areas .
I would like , as usual , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur for her excellent report and I fully agree with her that we should be confident that the system will become more coordinated and , most importantly , productive and useful .
it calls for a statement of them .
in the case of 4 September , torture , torture and now 11 years in prison for 11 years is a striking example of this .
explanations of vote
there is not a single word of democratic opposition to the ECB , in order to establish industry and the creation of jobs with a favourable monetary policy .
in writing . - ( BG ) Ladies and gentlemen , the reports put forward to the Commission do not ensure that Germany &apos;s alcohol monopoly had any breaches of the rules on the internal market .
it means Parliament - you - for a stronger role and a stronger democratic supervision .
we certainly do not want to impose US conditions .
the price of raw materials has today been a sharp failure , so oil prices are now paying for approximately 43 or 45 US dollars , but there have also been many other raw materials in the same magnitude .
I really do think it is a good idea to give the countries that are close to the EU &apos;s border with mutual commercial concessions both in terms of economic development and social policy issues .
with regard to the specific question of the mobilisation of the euro by the introduction of the euro without accession to the European Union , Iceland can unilaterally adopt such a decision , but it must be clearly stated that the Commission , as well as the European Central Bank , is convinced that a unilateral &apos; Eurovignette &apos; will not be a desirable political choice for Iceland .
however , if we are to give it the foundation of health care systems , we have not only helped him in all her life , but also his children .
we have seen his activities in Kigali , and in the previous meetings , which resulted in the help of the women in Nairobi .
it is not an easy subject , but we will continue to deal with it .
trafficking in human beings has long since the European Union agenda and , of course , we must continue to implement a combination of different measures in order to combat this appalling violation of fundamental rights .
in order to ensure sustainable economic development linked to the EU &apos;s prosperity , two main elements need to be considered .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I , too , would like to join colleagues and thank Mrs Harkin for producing this report , and to congratulate her on this .
I am referring to Western Sahara .
this is why the Council has not defined its own activities on this matter , but within the wider , simultaneous debate on the general package of the CAP health check .
instead , we are in favour of measures that would guarantee the only truly common policy that exists in the European Union .
I would like , first of all , to thank the rapporteurs for their important contributions to the reports on the single market , and I congratulate them for the results .
in this context , the development of the system and the creation of a sensible compromise on the discrimination of network operators were included in this context .
( DE ) Mr President , you have a great deal of work to do in this House today ; thank you for coming here and for having done so so excellent and comprehensive answers to us .
this is , in fact , something that we have received .
we need to increase the synergies between the Lisbon Strategy for growth and employment and the climate and energy agenda .
it is essential that all the mass media transfer information in a way that is accessible and counterproductive , with clearly visible , tangible information - and to help people in the event of natural disasters ; and , in addition , mobile phone operators should cooperate in order to give their members free and immediate information adapted to their prerogatives .
many of them have also asked me what we are doing and what Europe does for these and their families .
thirdly , the Commission has attempted to ensure that the Member States that are vulnerable in increasing numbers of refugees and illegal immigrants will be able to cope with the financial financial consequences of this resettlement in a very short term .
thank you .
Mr Guardans , Mr Medina and Mr Mavrommatis have really highlighted this , and I agree with them .
it is because the law and criminals are not afraid of law .
why is this ?
this is a question for both the Commissioner and the Council , and it relates to the fact that 80 % of our funds are actually spent in the Member States , and Parliament has been in favour of national management declarations for many years .
I believe that a balance must be struck between the need for privacy and jurisdiction to enforce their tax laws .
nevertheless , we support the paragraph , which has to leave the basic factor of life accidents and diseases with excessive work hours and inadequate holiday periods and requires the right balance between work and family life .
the strategy that I followed and which the rapporteur has followed has therefore included the balance of this proposal with a view to ensuring that it does not produce any damage to researchers .
it is a pity that the argument for the creation of a PNR scheme in the EU has taken so much legal uncertainty as regards the application of the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms ;
illegal logging is often the first step towards the overall destruction of natural forests .
if there are differences between us , then it will be difficult to move in any direction ; therefore , the transatlantic relationship will allow us to achieve the results we are not able to achieve on its own .
thirdly , I would like to address air traffic .
after all , it is not necessary for security to be established .
and the Committee on Regional Affairs will do the same in its parallel report .
in this context , I would like to point out that , in addition to the EDF , the financial resources are now available under the so-called &apos; Food Facility &apos; , which will be EUR 100 million in the period from 2009 to 2011 .
it is particularly important that there is full equality between the EU institutions and the workers of the Member States in this respect .
however , I would like to make it clear that I do not want to emerge from the general framework , but only to achieve greater flexibility within the framework of the existing framework in order to meet the new needs .
although the EU has not confirmed all the recommendations , it clearly made it clear that the Goldstone report is very serious .
I also supported the amendment to the Eurovignette , which must not result in the importance of a sustainable transport strategy .
I will move on to the subject of the collection of data .
perhaps the father or mother of Parliament would be logical .
they are also part of the commitments made by Russia as a United Nations , OSCE and the Council of Europe as a member of the United Nations .
if hauliers do not make use of already marginal networks of networks , they will ultimately be removed at all , which will damage all users .
in the opinion , the law claims that the law jeopardises the free movement of workers , which is one of the greatest achievements of European integration , and it is also a threat to the functioning of the single internal market in the European Union , and the legal services have found that the revised language law is contrary to the Audiovisual Media Services Directive and Article 56 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , which deals with the freedom of services .
in writing . - This report , which aims to ensure greater transparency , effectiveness and accountability in relation to European expenditure , is more important than ever before the principles of the EU budget , according to sound financial management principles .
it is true , however , that the discrepancy that I referred to in my question could have been partially eradicated ; however , it is a fact that the Danish Aviation Aviation Authority does not allow the air on the air aircraft aircraft to rise before the technical problems have been resolved , while other airlines use aircraft for the same technical problems .
the Commission &apos;s progress programme is expected on 7 November and I think it is very important that this report reflects the positive developments in Turkey .
do I have the right , when I say that you have been proposing a new and subjective formula for its implementation ?
this concerns the necessary studies , both on the rationalisation of the activities of the iron and steel industry and of coal mining activities , as well as for the final production of this industry , in other words , to further improve the future improvement of coal and steel .
after the Nazi power of power , he was left to Poland in order to fight the next totalitarian regime - the Soviet regime .
United Nations has had to suspend a programme designed to help the poorest of the population in Gaza .
as has already been said , so-called &apos; humanitarian intervention &apos; is often used in actual terms of intervention and humanitarian intervention is being used and manipulated in the interests of large large multinationals and large multinationals , which puts the principles of international law into question .
this is one reason why the PPE Group demands that the agreement be applied as soon as possible .
therefore , we should increase the resources allocated to this end .
the aim of the Services Directive is to achieve full implementation of the internal market in services .
it also deals with the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control ( ECDC ) , as well as for early warning and popular threats to the nature and role of the early warning and response system .
finally , I welcome the joint action taken by the Council , namely to broaden the right of these pirates in the sea and in the air to carry out the territorial waters of coastal states , provided that the countries concerned agree , and also to propose a coordinated assistance mechanism against marine piracy events .
the compromise is all of this .
it was our last debate on the future of Europe &apos;s future .
let me make three proposals : ...
therefore , the measures that will help to improve transparency are welcome and necessary .
I have made it quite clear in the past , especially when it has been said that the aid for the distribution of fruit and vegetables has been discussed .
thank you very much .
this is the paradox - even asylum seekers are considered to be a source of migration from different groups .
could you say to the President that , if the current parliament does have to demonstrate its true desire for a doubt , we should look at them ?
a similar message was also communicated at the informal meeting of Foreign Ministers at the informal Foreign Ministers , at the end of March .
the big question is , of course , what is followed by such events .
I also support the view that Member States should be given more time to examine whether repealing the directives will lead to legal uncertainty .
one of the eggs swept off the entire village of the map and killed hundreds of people .
( DE ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , President of the Commission , this is the greatest achievement of the Portuguese Presidency that the Lisbon Treaty is now to be signed , and many Members of this Parliament have certainly contributed to this .
now , the humanitarian aid agreements have now been signed with four partners &apos; agencies : telecoms in the National Front of Front with France provides special circumstances for telecommunications services ; the Latin Health Organization and the Spanish Red Cross will help to restore health services and the German Red Cross will give the primary , clean water and basic household primary .
these are my thoughts on the questions of intercultural dialogue , why , who and how about .
it is a country where there are 2 million arbitrary building blocks , many of those in forests ; the land destroyed by the fires can easily be built in the way and bring them up to later the changes in the electrical and water community , thanks to the changes made to win by the government .
if the European Union , in the current situation , has understood the right of Robert Mugabe &apos;s statement , it would certainly be an insult to decent people .
Commissioner , we will support your approach , which will bring greater ecological and environmental importance to the first pillar .
I would just like to add one idea to this debate : once the Euro Plus and exit system is operational , we need systematic checks in the long term .
I support spending in the promotion of artistic and cultural events that can enrich the life of the population of the population , which is why I supported the help of the film winner , in spite of the fact that the budget seems to be large .
I have suggested developing environmentally friendly tourist species such as sports or cultural tourism , for example .
I am now looking forward to the debate and I will listen to your views .
allow me to draw your attention to paragraphs 4 and 10 of the report , which stresses the need to harmonise the social and economic rights of self-employed women or in family farms .
in this context , I would like to ask the Commissioner whether a military sector which is sometimes interfering in the marine environment and affects it will take into account Community policies in this area in order to avoid environmental damage .
I support the principle that all democratic institutions have a duty to guarantee their activities , documents and decisions .
( HU ) I was shocked when I saw in the Food Conference a slogan : &apos; do not feed Africa &apos; : &apos; do not feed Africa &apos; .
the summit is , in fact , badly prepared , both in terms of the common vision that we need , in terms of resources and resources that we use .
we demand comparable , genuine , consistent and fully data .
together we will be able to reach both of the necessary result , thereby achieving both free movement of persons and security and security for all countries .
in my opinion , problems are causing primary legislation and not the application of the legislation itself .
such a policy must be stopped and the value of the role of women , of rights and equality of women , and of value for , inter alia , land resources , health , education and family support , and the most strengthening of it .
I urge , in the European Parliament , for the tenth anniversary of the signing of August agreements in this case .
it seems as if this institution had the power to prove its worth in terms of purely operation : whether good , poor or middle .
nevertheless , it is in the interests of the United Kingdom for Pakistan to now receive trade preferences .
I therefore think that it is dishonest to show a picture of Mr Van Rompuy , who is fulfilling our duties as the President of the European Council , together with the host of all .
I am confident that such a statement will be carried out successfully in the autumn .
they want the institutions to do this together and , therefore , they want cooperation .
the main criterion of the Doha Round has been the inclusion of all the Member States in the negotiations on all the issues , whereas a comprehensive approach must be used for such an extensive organisation within the framework of certain trends .
the airlines are the main contributor of greenhouse gases in Europe and the world as a whole .
( NL ) Madam President , allow me first of all to congratulate the rapporteur .
the situation is getting worse , if we do not .
if this does not succeed , can the Commission speak about some of its own plans for the exchange of best practice in this area between the Member States ?
I would like to emphasise the importance of certain provisions of this scheme , in particular those provisions concerning measures to increase the efficiency of existing housing and social buildings .
Madam President , as the Chair of the Intergroup for Minorities , national communities and languages , I strongly condemn the measures taken by the Belarusian authorities against the largest organisation and minority groups in the Polish minority .
written statements ( Rule 149 )
in addition to the design and construction of safer vehicles , the Member States should also invest in the safety of road infrastructure .
at the same time , it is clear that the Dublin system was not developed or designed as a means of sharing .
some are the Greeks who are treated differently by other Europeans .
I fully support the idea that , although the Member States manage to collect the data required under this regulation , the harmonisation of statistical data requires the coordination of the Commission &apos;s coordination in order to guarantee their comparability .
just as the Afghans have to adapt , we must do so in our minds , in helping them to achieve the state model in which the modern tradition of the Afghan tradition is built .
there are also so-called &apos; outstanding commitments &apos; , which amount to EUR 10 billion .
the joint committee established for operation in operation has already been met in June .
I would like to conclude with a comment on the political artist about the redistribution of funding for young people .
all healthcare , despite its special nature , is under the scope of the established agreement .
given that next year will be the European Year of Volunteering , it is particularly important that the European Asylum Support Office - which supports young people &apos;s participation in voluntary activity and the aim of which is to develop solidarity and promote active citizenship among young people - will become stronger .
( PL ) Mr President , I voted against .
indeed , innovation is an integral part of the European Commission &apos;s climate change package as well as the European Economic Recovery Plan .
it is difficult to evaluate the size of the taxes which are being lost due to fraud .
I hope that all of them will really ask for democratic change , especially now , when , for example , Ukraine , there are huge economic problems .
a lot will be said in the case of the Latin American Republic , and it is a German who today is wearing a troika .
they are more demanding in their own countries .
this means , of course , the transposition of the relevant legislation to national law and , if necessary , to initiate proceedings against those Member States in which the violations of European Union law have been identified .
it is not related to the permanent residence permit .
( DE ) Madam President , Mr Karas has already mentioned a number of key issues .
first of all , the Council decided to continue without the preconditions for dialogue between the European Union and Cuba based on the principle of reciprocity and which deals with all the issues of mutual interest .
secondly , we need to put higher targets on the transatlantic dialogue on issues referred to as both by the rapporteur and , Commissioner , perhaps Iran , Iraq , the Middle East , Afghanistan and so on .
the European economic recovery plan provides for major public investment in the modernisation of transport and energy infrastructure .
we have to remember one thing : we can also import food if necessary , but not in a way that does not meet our conditions .
in order to overcome the challenges of the crisis , the Commission has set up a number of policy initiatives .
the business model of company manufacturing companies is built on the basis of the relatively cheap sale of performers and the alignment of customers to the agreement on the basis of which they will continue to buy the supermarkets .
according to the World Bank statistics , around 44 million people have fallen in developing countries from June last year , since food prices had reached the level of 2008 in early 2011 , whereas the rising food and oil prices had a significant negative impact on poverty around the world .
I voted in favour of Mrs Angelilli &apos;s report because we need fast , effective action to combat causes and , in particular , the effects of child sexual exploitation and child pornography .
for Britain , of course , the solution is to leave the European Union , to exercise control in its own territorial waters and to restore its rational orientation to public fishing industry .
in order for relations with India to be balanced , our Member States must do the same .
it seems , however , that the banana trade agreement has contributed to solving the complex Doha Round .
it is , as always , the taxpayer who will have to pay for this so-called efficiency .
they are interested in international activity but , at the same time , they must take into account their regional and other associations , and also that these aspects must not be abandoned in any international activity in relation to human rights .
this brings me to my second point , which is of particular importance to us at this point in time .
political representation in European elections is very important for countries where a large number of the population is living in another of the European Union &apos;s Member States , such as Romania .
for most countries , debt reduction is a very important issue , given its negative impact on economic stimulus and economic growth due to increased taxes and risk premiums .
it is important for the Member States to show their solidarity and share their solidarity with respect for international requirements .
in spite of this , I would like , in practical terms , to draw attention to the failure of the two remaining Spanish Presidency .
in particular , with regard to the growing influx of migrants from Africa , it is very important for the Mediterranean countries to coordinate their response measures .
we , as Members of the European Parliament , must emphasise the need to respect international obligations such as human rights and gender equality in order to sustain the dignity of women and of the countless Congolese children .
in our opinion , it is unacceptable to treat people working on the basis of a contract on an equal footing with those who are self-employed .
now , however , we feel that you - the Lisbon Treaty contained a horizontal commitment - on the contrary - you have done in your European Commission on the distribution of the portfolios has done exactly the opposite , because now it is not just one Commissioner responsible for consumer protection .
President-in-Office of the Council . - As for the first question , there have been a number of bilateral meetings in the autumn , which aim to prepare and simplify the negotiations .
consequently , the European Union must focus on this problem .
five things are needed in order to slow the sustainable and targeted slowdown of migration : democracy , development , respect for international law , European solidarity and , above all , that there would be no prejudice .
the only opportunity to tackle this problem is to improve the resilience of our fisheries sector to the rise in fuel prices .
however , the strategic partnership must be based on China &apos;s obligation to respect human rights because we need partnerships with countries that are democratic , not totalitarian .
in order to ensure the success of the Europe 2020 strategy , regions need to be involved more , and the European Commission must continue to simplify procedures for accessing funds .
today it was hardly possible for a few hours to adopt an important piece of legislation which recognises the rights of citizens to submit a legislative initiative , take precedence over their right to citizenship .
in addition , we were able to hold a public debate on the Kyoto Protocol and the future legal outcome .
who would like to take the floor ?
I agree with the rapporteur when he points out that , given the new competences given by the Treaty of Lisbon , Parliament will have to monitor the negotiation and implementation of voluntary partnership agreements , and calls on the Commission to submit a study on the social , economic and environmental impact of the agreement with Parliament on the social , economic and environmental impact of the agreement .
I would like , however , to remind you that , following the accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union , the Black Sea is , in part , part of the European Union &apos;s internal sea and we cannot ignore its strategic importance for the whole world .
this reaction is evident in the Commission and also in this room , as some people believe that the EU does not have any role in this issue .
the EGF has already been used in other EU countries , particularly Portugal and Spain , and it is now time to give this help to Belgium and Ireland .
I support the idea that Parliament should make specific proposals on the financing and budgetary control of the European Union &apos;s External Action Service .
I thank the European Parliament for the support that it can bring in this area .
I would like to address the digital content for the next time , when I have any convincing information .
the European Union must act .
secondly , the model was developed for one of the fishing areas , while most of the Community &apos;s fish stocks are varied , which means exceeding and undercatches of a number of species , which obviously goes against the actual meaning of the maximum sustainable yield .
I made it clear to you that the tropical and Szczecin problem can help to solve the future of the sector &apos;s viability for workers .
( the President cut off the speaker )
the rapporteur for the European Parliament report does not seem to be particularly concerned about these objections .
at the same time , we must make every effort to make progress with China .
demand for food has increased across the world and is due to the increase in production costs , huge instability in agricultural markets , land , water and energy resources .
it will thus reduce the amount of funds allocated to the fund for the period 2008 to EUR 638 million to EUR 614 million .
this regulation sets out the Community procedures for authorising and supervising the authorisation and supervision of human and veterinary medicinal products , which will establish a European Medicines Agency and help to guarantee patients &apos; rights to reliable , accessible and independent information in the control of the medicinal products supplied by the competent authorities .
I have not forgotten any other problem .
approximately 4 million have left , which has resulted in the population &apos;s rise of over 2 million .
I fully support the transition and development process for Tunisia .
given the extent of the necessary consolidation , the programme expresses a proper level of ambition and is a preliminary programme .
I am also prepared to contribute fully to the negotiations .
we need to consider them very carefully , we need to consider them very wisely and be open to the concerns and needs of all the affected countries .
it is because the countries of the European Union prove that it is possible .
2.5 million people have left their homes to escape violence .
in this approach , all EU policies are linked to five international problems .
Serbia &apos;s path in this direction has been so difficult after the Soviet power and the break-up of Yugoslavia is particularly difficult .
in order to be an active citizen , people must have a broader world view .
it is only right that this should first be examined by the regulatory authorities in their own country , but they are also told that there are similar problems in other EU Member States as well .
there were direct flights between both countries , and there is also the framework for the economic cooperation framework agreement .
as early as 2005 , the President of Azerbaijan , Mr de President , confirmed that all the rights of journalists will be respected and that they can count on help in any danger .
in this regard , our actions should be guided by the principle : as little as possible .
we will not achieve credibility in the world , if , in particular , the measures we adopt in the governance of immigration and our policy in response to the tragic events of the tragic events of terrorism are not a model for the human rights area .
whatever we call it , we are in a situation where the multiannual financial framework has exhausted itself .
such tanks should emerge in all the Member States in all Member States so that each European citizen has access to them .
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( FR ) Mr President , I am happy to be here today to inform you about the Commission statement in relation to the resolution on the reform of the New Flame in the Gulf of Aden , which you intend to adopt .
they are enriching their understanding of our world .
consequently , we are concerned about the fact that some Member States tend to adopt and apply the legislation which does not in any way justify the provisions of the directive .
I think that these points have been highlighted in the report , which is why I voted in favour of it .
I voted in favour of this document because democratic change cannot be imposed from outside , not even by military means ; they must be achieved through a peaceful democratic process .
this food crisis , where the poorest of the poorest people in the world will suffer , must take immediate action .
in this context , we find an opportunity to discuss the situation of the whole of the dairy sector in general .
we do not think that the explanation that this would be a waste of time and resources is not acceptable .
this must not , under any circumstances , be an obstacle to the country &apos;s future membership of international organisations .
the second large group to think is farmers in the new Member States , especially small farms .
moreover , I think that the creation of new structures will be unnecessary and expensive .
( SV ) Madam President , the global financial crisis will shake the global economy and there are now many proposals we have quickly to make in order to prevent it from happening again .
they are not yet completely free of the legitimacy of the Soviet Union - Russia &apos;s military presence .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
they should not escape the murders .
the resolution , in my view , is a message that the European Union strongly supports the Iraqi people by urging them to take action against violence and terror , and to fight decisively for democracy and for universal human dignity .
can the Commissioner speak in more detail about the impact of the economic crisis on world agricultural products ?
that is what this report is about : the creation of a framework .
the undeniable benefits of the proposed legislation relate to improving the quality of tyres and thus increasing their safety .
this is , therefore , the reason why the country is currently suffering under attack and special support for Greece .
in fact , we are dealing with a crisis that requires a global approach : the aim is twofold : to enhance the protection of our citizens and to express our solidarity with less developed countries .
it provides support for the car industry , which is experiencing a very difficult time at present .
in order to maintain this dynamic , the Commission has again adopted a number of proposals that will then be implemented from 2011 onwards if these legislative proposals are amended .
we have already increased funding and we hope that , through a coordinated effort , along with other donors , the overall level of funding may rise to the level of equal value of a person in the countries that are comparable to those of the public , such as Laos and Cambodia .
the development of trans-European networks , which , as Mr Albertini pointed out , makes great hope for the development of railways , leads to significant changes , which are obviously increasing the proportion of the railways .
it is high time for the Council to finally acknowledge the democratic will expressed by most of the Members of the European Parliament here .
the fact that there are clear deadlines , procedural guarantees and other safeguards is important , not only for national authorities , but also for suspected or accused of a crime , and , in particular , for those of them .
however , the Commission &apos;s proposals will also contain aspects that Parliament and I , as rapporteur , consider less positive .
we will , of course , keep their mind first and foremost with them .
thirdly , the report proposes that Parliament , the future European External Action Service and EU external missions should have liaison officers responsible for the protection of human rights defenders .
it is a more ambitious budget that meets the demands of the Commission and the Council .
immigrants will also come from the north , east , west and central in Europe , so it is the whole of the European Agency , even if its seat has been selected as a whole .
Mrs Muscardini , food sovereignty in the interests of protecting the independence of the European Union always has my support .
contrary to what has been said , even though the fairness of these claims has never been established , the car industry would not take away the benefits of legal access to the benefits of the consumer .
we must encourage the Commission and the Member States to start the debate and take measures to increase women &apos;s participation in politics .
secondly , democracy will , of course , go back to the votes and the elections , but also something much more than anything .
investment in long-distance heating networks cannot be neglected without the harmonisation of policies relating to energy investments .
there are legal systems in which the rights of the people in which the rights are restricted have been limited in the sense that the will of the parties has been expressed .
it is not a revision of the statistics for 2014-2020 , such as Mr Böge , the Black Sea , Mrs Gebhardt , Mrs Haug , Mr Dehaene and Mr Rinaldi .
the energy they produce is just too expensive .
Mr President , this debate has shown that there are at least huge doubts as to whether the current legislation is functioning , whether they are properly implemented in all Member States and whether they can be properly implemented .
there is no justification for this God .
in writing . - ( EL ) International and regional agreements have so far proved to be insufficient to regulate and trade agricultural supply and have failed to protect the transparent and stable prices of agricultural production .
the Palestinian side has not made any such steps .
I think that we are taking a small step forward in reducing the costs involved from Brussels to Strasbourg .
through today &apos;s resolution Parliament grants the Executive Director of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency &apos;s budget for the financial year 2009 .
ultimately , all of this phenomenon , which was called &apos; false skills &apos; : they believe that they really does not understand the Tibetans at all , and therefore they should not allow them to do their full democracy .
the European Parliament , as you have always attempted to bring up with the flagship proposals that I am not dealing with at the moment , will not be dealt with because they are not included in my report and my speaking time will end .
we were resolutely opposed to the execution of executions and the inviolability of women &apos;s rights .
I live on the peninsula , so I think I understand the rich mentality .
chemical safety of toys is not just a regulatory issue ; it is also a question of hygiene and , therefore , crucial to ensuring children &apos;s safety .
however , we must bear in mind that we are creating laws for the real world and not do the best list of the ideal world , and that the European Parliament should remain firm on its own competences .
I call on the President to ask those who belong to the pension fund to say this now at the sitting , because they have a direct interest in what the debate will be .
the new international agreement will take account of the exceptional and rapid development of the Kyoto conference , in particular : the exceptional and rapid development of the Asian giants : indeed , Bali is a decisive step in this direction , although it is not a place in which the agreement is reached , the negotiations will begin , and thus it is very important in Bali to devise a clear negotiating mandate , with precise deadlines and with a view to reaching an agreement between 2009 and 2009 .
I can guarantee that some of the Member States are waiting for this to be a laughing stock in this regard .
the continued isolation , on the other hand , could lead to the knowledge of exclusion and avoid sharing ideas and , at worst of this , would encourage narrow-minded nationalism .
over 60 people have been killed , including foreign nationals and , in particular , citizens of EU countries , nearly 2 000 people are in power and in the capital in Benghazi are significant losses .
I do not know whether the Commission would consider - given that we are now very close to the elections - the guarantee that there will be a dedicated group or a number of people in each of the Member States to have a special telephone number and so on , where candidates can immediately access the information given to the Commission for such specific questions .
I have to say that Frontex is now a contact board in the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees .
we need to make a decisive commitment to double declaration and transparency : those who will save money in another country will have to declare it .
if we can work together to improve good governance with China and Africa , I believe that we can provide help and trade and improvements .
it is therefore important for companies to make sure that similar procedures are used to define contaminated areas , thereby allowing for the programming of investment .
it is not clear why the Council and the Commission have abandoned this item ; we are not going to give up , so we will vote against this report precisely because the system of origin is omitted .
when this topic was first raised last month , I argued that the politicisation of the issue is not only a attack on a Member State , but also undermining the activity of the EU Presidency .
all these years have been the key to the fate of Zimbabwe in South Africa but , not only has it not managed to carry out its mediation , not only has it failed .
no matter what the world is responsible for in the world , the development of international trade justifies itself only if it contributes to economic development , employment and thereby improve the standard of living .
political action is needed to regulate and improve the limits .
today we will vote on decisions approving the executive directors of the European Supervisory Authorities .
if these companies do not participate in cross-border activities or even at national level , such a reporting obligation will only be created by a unnecessary administrative burden which will bring costs ( approximately EUR 11 million ) to business companies .
we have spent EUR 1.6 billion of unused agricultural spending and EUR 200 million in the flexibility of the flexibility instrument , and we got the rest of the costs in terms of prioritising and redistributing from heading 1a .
in the event that the compromise text is adopted in exactly the form agreed by the Council and without amendments , the text may be a significant step in the implementation of the Community &apos;s mercury strategy .
Madam President , Finland does not need to be ashamed of its security policy solutions .
we are in the first reading of the proposed Consumer Rights Directive .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( NL ) Madam President , I am pleased that there are , in fact , two Commissioners here .
in addition , only rising food prices can only be controlled through the regulation of traditional sources of energy sources .
the amendment of the regulation seeks to permit authorisation and expansion by targeting low-income households in all Member States .
we need to understand that the Ahtisaari strategy , which is compatible with the division of the Pakistani communities and rebel groups in order to prevent peace negotiations , such as those that should start at the weekend in Libya , for example .
in any case , the Commission has specific resources for this .
this fact alone has led to his killing , and a number of political and legal attacks by the ruling party alone , including in relation to 12 years in prison .
the resources will be evaluated using a qualitative qualitative analysis .
I believe that those who believe that things have to be changed to the detriment of effective agriculture at the expense of efficient agriculture to support the system will have genuine sustainable rural development .
it is obvious that we need more place .
I am absolutely certain that the security of this region and of Israel will depend on what progress can be made just now .
I wanted to say that one of the sad things that I have ever seen over my life was in Addis Ababa in a clinical trial , where we went on as part of a number of women &apos;s delegations .
of course , the strengthening of the role of Parliament will mean more responsibility , more responsibility and more work .
the Commission will contribute to strengthening the Community aviation sector , which it still considers too fragmented , particularly in view of the current crisis .
we support the inclusion of agricultural aid from production , enabling it to rise to the agricultural production of countries like Portugal , and , overall , to modernise this priority sector .
I am not surprised if we were to know in the next few days or in hours to know what it was going to do .
setting a separate target for biogas would put further administrative burdens on private operators rather than on public authorities .
unfortunately , the Commission was opposed to this proposal .
access must be provided to the interinstitutional agreement and , in this context , negotiations will also be held with the Commission and the Council .
it must include clear and specific commitments , as the international community has a long way to go to meeting the commitments arising from the Millennium Development Goals .
we need coordination with a clear , specific and precise strategy based on the voice of the euro area outside the euro area , and we also need leadership which will continue to enhance the work of the Eurogroup by following the direction which we have taken by Jean-Claude Juncker to take place on 1 January 2005 .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( DE ) Madam President , I , too , would like to start by thanking the rapporteur .
in the same way , it calls for a general policy for the European Union that will help to overcome this debt , a debt that was crucial to the European Union when faced with the crisis and the social need to combat the crisis and to defend the most vulnerable .
the closure of a party is not and will not be a daily matter .
we in the European Parliament and the European Union want a strong partnership , relations and potential friendship for all the countries of the Middle East .
excessive ice was found , even in the fruit sold to the premises of the European Parliament .
the first relates to industrial standards .
improving and strengthening the method of justice will also mean improving the method of justice and modernisation , which , in turn , depends on the use of new methods of communication , which is the nature of the e-Justice project .
after all , Moldova is close to Europe and must be supported at a time when it is open to Europe .
moreover , these programmes are not sufficiently coordinated , as has been mentioned several times in this House , and the level of coordination and the lack of cooperation between Member States have a high level of activity due to their lack of cooperation , which is why the idea of resettlement is , of course , unpleasant .
can I assure you that the Copenhagen criteria do not belong to the dispute , especially when we are talking about minority rights and human rights , and Macedonia and Croatia cannot therefore manage to comply with the acquis communautaire and particularly on the prevention of discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation .
we also need to look for the reasons why these enormous difficulties have arisen in the accession negotiations .
take control of Greece , Spain and Portugal , but not my own country .
there are winners and losers in such a solution , and tens of thousands of local civilians have lost their hands or flee .
none of this has remained untouched by a single European country .
billions of euros in additional aid to Greece without a clear European form of direction are nothing more than a safety net for banks .
what we need to know is what is the result .
take their own national supervisory authorities themselves , and the European Parliament will give you our support .
beware and credibility are the most important considerations here .
the Czech Republic also has a duty to conclude the ratification process .
as we believe in the need for a permanent stability mechanism , the Commission constructively supported the treaty in a limited manner .
I think that this will also help to shape the EU &apos;s future political policy framework for the future , which we will probably have to do - without making a closed decision on the development of the Lisbon Treaty - to implement it in the next year .
I know seven months in 2011 , which is 31 days .
a European Roma inclusion strategy may be a certain professional minimum .
despite the position of the rapporteur , despite the argument , the draft regulation is expected to enjoy freedom of movement for citizens of third countries , the freedom of establishment and access to the labour market throughout the whole of the European Union ; we must remember that these are all things that - thank God - have not yet become reality .
over the last four months , the Czech Presidency has had a very active and responsible talks with the European Parliament and has presented Parliament with many compromise solutions on all the various issues relating to the Directive in order to find a definitive solution which would be acceptable to both the Council and Parliament .
to meet this requirement , the Commission has made a major effort to deepen dialogue and cooperation with Libya and Turkey , the two main countries , which are part of the Mediterranean through the illegal migration route .
look , for example , of the GSP standard that we set up in the 1990s : that was also the right decision that was made in time .
in the allocation of TAC , the total catches of cod are reflected in the range of other fishing mortality .
the High Representative / Vice-President will seek to achieve greater European Union involvement in international coordination in the context of the context .
we are , in fact , talking about the same fish in the same coin , but that source will be developing in scientific research in the form of fisheries .
the procedural regime of this Parliament is completely a myth of the rule of law .
I think that we need more clarity about the conditions for compensation and regulations that make up the basis of the prior authorisation system if it is necessary .
the digital single market also requires action in the name of developing services market .
I know that in this respect , the European Parliament and the European Union &apos;s financial regulation are meeting , and that it has become very problematic after Jacques Santer &apos;s Commission proceedings ten years ago .
we have to put an end to the conclusion .
Mrs Bauer has broken the Rules of Procedure of our institution .
the quality of life of many of the Chinese has improved .
on this basis , we can see that Parliament must intervene as co-legislator in order to implement the necessary profound reforms to stabilise the economic and monetary union .
( SK ) A high risk of environmental damage to environmental damage is associated with the use of weapons of water , so this is also a threat to people &apos;s lives and to health .
in writing . - ( PL ) Equal weight and obesity are modern epidemics , which have a negative impact on health and even on people &apos;s lives .
I believe that separate and simple rules are needed for the European Social Fund .
rapporteur for the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs . - Madam President , I do not want to refer in particular to anyone else .
farmers and educators must recognise that bees are completely vulnerable to toxic products and that they will have invaluable help for growing their crops and must be protected in the first place .
I support this legislation very much .
this is , in fact , impossible and we need to say it at the outset ; it requires a review of the treaties and cannot be done within the framework of the citizens &apos; initiative .
these , for example , Brazil , Russia , India and China , must be a green technology .
- ( NL ) Mr President , the report on the priorities of policy in the fight against illegal immigration from third countries - which we have just confirmed - is certainly not the worst report that has ever been adopted here , and it does in fact contain a number of very interesting recommendations , but I still think that the report does not talk about the whole of the whole of the whole of it , and I have therefore not voted in favour of it .
( it ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in recent hours , more than 5 000 immigrants have arrived in Italy , another 10 000 are entering the road to Italy , France and Germany .
the second point is the need to make clear that these micro-credits are certainly intended to long-term unemployed people , less favoured people and all those who do not have the opportunity to receive credit in the ordinary way .
in addition , in order to maintain good environmental conditions in the marine regions and to comply with the precautionary principle , it is necessary to reassess the trade in the islands of islands because of the need for the adoption of 200 sailors in order to comply with the ...
in particular , the implementation of a policy aimed at human rights must be strengthened , not the start , which is based on double standards in many cases .
we need a compromise , and Parliament has shown at first reading proposals for proposals such as the use of distribution , for example .
the new regulatory committee procedure will be used to adopt these provisions .
you should raise the issue again if Mr Pöttering is in the chair .
although it is not my duty to approve the agreement , I would like you to know the problem .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to say that today &apos;s absence of the French Government representative today shows , on the other hand , the Presidency that is normally being praised for his political success .
the EU must invest in innovation to develop new products and services .
this situation will significantly reduce our farmers &apos; competitiveness and profit .
to conclude the debate , I have received one motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with Rule 108 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
in recent years , however , there have been a series of cases of bluetongue epidemic , which has affected many Member States , including in the countries of Central and Northern Europe , causing serious damage to livestock farming and has aggravated the trafficking of live animals .
as Professor Monti has rightly pointed out , the market in the EU market is known in the EU market , but now more than ever we need a strong common market , the crisis in which we have seen in recent months has demonstrated this .
the reserve should become a pioneering policy .
( the oral amendment was accepted )
southern countries will lose USD 1 000 billion each year , which is illegally transferred from the north , and USD 350 billion is heading through tax havens .
these should , of course , be in line with the World Trade Organisation .
finding an answer to these serious issues is a difficult task for the EU &apos;s common foreign policy .
the seven priority areas of the European Commission are clear , and I would recommend that Prime Minister , the government of Prime Minister , is addressing them with them , as a result of which negotiations on the full accession of Montenegro will be opened .
in addition , we need to share the burden within the EU .
it is a sensitive area which affects the social values of social values in relation to the uncertainties surrounding gambling and also the tradition of states to focus the sums that have been made on the market in this market .
( NL ) Madam President , when something else has not been achieved , the negotiations with Turkey have helped the Commission and the Council to step up the process for the arts to be used .
Mr Bonde &apos;s proposal was not thought up and violates the current Statute .
in writing . - ( FR ) The European Union , the symbol of human rights around the world , must guarantee fair treatment for third-country nationals living on its territory and to develop an inclusive policy .
however , we also need to take into account the human health problems associated with it .
our proposal clarifies the situation and would oblige Member States to apply the requirements for the marking .
I believe that we can only do this if we get the majority approval .
in this context , I welcome , on behalf of Mrs Buitenweg , on behalf of Mrs Buitenweg , on behalf of the Greens and thank her for her important contribution .
it could be a knowledge-based society , which extends to the body &apos;s education and activities .
secondly , we must act to improve risk management and economic governance .
we have avoided the addition of further than meaningful inequalities between the state and the terrorist group .
it is a clear attempt to leave Parliament on this important issue and confirmed that Parliament &apos;s legal services have confirmed that it would have been a different legal basis for this proposal , which would have enabled Parliament &apos;s full involvement in the process .
we have known for decades that smugglers have a criminal interest in the trafficking of human beings and that they are often paid in their poorly paid and poorly accommodation for the complicity of illegal workers .
I have major additional conditions for voting on Amendment 6 , which was tabled by a group of members of the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) .
this means lowering the cost of their use at a time when fuel prices are in record high .
in response to the crisis , the EIB has substantially expanded its objectives : in order to help businesses and support recovery in the economy , the EIB has greatly increased its lending capacity , with a maximum of EUR 10 billion more in payments .
there are very many aspects of this , and President Buzek has always said that we need the EU &apos;s energy community .
I do not agree with this view .
one of the largest political parties in Poland is almost nearly a few hundred recently , as it has been threatened by the removal of subsidies for small financial errors .
this decision must be abolished , because otherwise , it will not be able to come out of the post-election political stalemate and the number of cases of violence that has already been announced is .
where is the efficient cars that Europeans wanted to produce mass production on future markets ?
together with eight of the eight obsolete and outdated directives , we will make it possible to take another step in the direction of a less bureaucratic Europe .
in my view , the inclusion of moral support in this proposal is very important .
and one more point : I assume that the measures concerned have already been adopted with the current budget support system for granting aid in a situation such as Kenya after the elections .
Mr Bonde &apos;s report is one of them .
I would like to ask the Commissioner and our programmes to allocate funds for research in this area in order to make these directions reverse and improve the health of women .
Italy is particularly interested in this proposal for the World Cup in Milan , which is taking place , due to the 2006 World Cup .
speaking of the situation in East Jerusalem , I strongly support the initiative of the Presidency and the desire to achieve clarity on the role of Jerusalem as the capital of two countries on the role and determination of the role of Jerusalem in relation to the importance of Israel having suspended the settlements in East Jerusalem .
rest , and its inhabitants require a single acquis , at least under any form ... to some extent , which the lawyer is calling a general part .
I voted in favour of this report because it includes specific provisions for promoting consumer interests .
ladies and gentlemen , this is not the only such case .
this means that we need to measure what is happening today and what we can do better .
I would like to emphasise that , on the one hand , the treaty gives greater influence to national parliaments and , on the other , it is based on the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union , in this area and in consolidating the document that provides for the rights of this human rights and of the rights of minorities .
the European scheme for the car industry must be forward-looking and based on knowledge and development rather than on worse terms .
( SK ) Madam President , the current research into the effects of climate change on European forests shows that forest ecosystems react very differently on the basis of the region .
I congratulate the European Parliament and all of the citizens of the European Union , as well as the rapporteur , for the adoption of the decisions made today that should promote more specific and more targeted activity in the treatment of cancer patients as well as in the prevention of cancer .
the focus is at the heart of the financial crisis and the right of it .
we all know that , with regard to the European Regional Development Fund , the European Social Fund , the common agricultural policy fund and other funds , the Member States , in particular , are contributing to our own European administration policy .
I will conclude by calling on the demand , Prime Minister .
this , as the legislative report emphasises , is that the directive may further integrate the EU economy .
finally , I would like once again to thank Mr Staes for his excellent work on this proposal , which is very complex , but extremely important for the environment and human health .
this report on the amendment of the general regulation on the implementation of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund is of particular importance for the citizens of the European Union .
Madam President , when the Spanish Prime Minister , Mr Rodríguez Zapatero , opened the Spanish Presidency in Strasbourg , he considered a report on Europe &apos;s 2020 programme without any mention of the failure of the Lisbon Strategy .
however , it means banning all forms of terrorism and violence and cooperation with the strategy on the implementation of human rights .
this is so important .
the European social model is an active society model , which plays a key role in the labour market .
minorities are being persecuted , especially the Basque religious group .
in writing . - ( ES ) Mr Häusling &apos;s report on the protein deficit in Europe and finding solutions contains some good ideas , such as support for farmers who contribute to the reduction of greenhouse gases .
thanks to the chemical , we have vaccines and antibiotics that have doubled life expectancy and have the key to developing new sources of energy and improving food .
what is the current situation in relation to the discussions on the common consolidated corporate tax base and , on the basis of this matter of the concerns expressed in the Irish electorate in the vote in Lisbon , has the Commission changed its approach in any way ?
the implementation of the Small Business Act is therefore strengthened by the implementation of the Small Business Act .
we proposed the European Council , of course , as a full format .
the solution is national statements .
firstly , the system of Community preference for dismantling the system may well and will still have serious consequences for some of the ACP countries that are exporting bananas .
more efforts must be made to improve the skills of adults and to achieve flexibility and security throughout the labour market .
certain limitations relate to the Court of Justice , the European Central Bank and European Investment Bank documents , but this area is now significantly broader than before .
more than 13 million of the unemployed , 19 of the participating Member States and the fact that the aid policy has become a stable exit for the provision of intervention products , it does not seem to be worth the value of the programme .
therefore , every committee believes that one of the most important tasks of all is to ensure that our right does not consist of empty words .
only if the Roma parks their hands out of the houses of political class representatives we can change their position on the usefulness of EU membership .
publishers can still offer Internet orders via their own website or in other ways , but they can no longer carry orders through the implementation of the PFDE , using the &apos; troika &apos; as a mediator .
we could well debate the abstract past .
the market in the textiles sector is European and , in particular , France , Italy and Germany in Europe .
I am happy to be in the European Parliament .
the aim of reducing the level of school dropout rate and increasing the presence of the population of higher education has not yet been quantified , nor has the aim of promoting social integration and , above all , to reduce poverty .
I am in favour of adult education .
this is a major challenge for the European Union in this case : to successfully introduce , to launch and support European funds and projects that can be used and initiated by women living in rural areas .
the United Nations recently announced that at least 20 000 people left the city of Abyei and fled to the south of South Sudan from this region .
in other words , three main blocs have emerged in this negotiation .
in Laos , it is the result of the Communist Party in power in which Christianity is treated as a religion representing Western imperialism .
this is particularly relevant as we know that the Council intends to cut its budget 4 % and the Commission will only increase 1 % , the Committee of the Regions increases this by around 2.9 % and the Economic and Social Fund even less .
as you know , the Generalised System of Preferences requires the ratification of the International Convention on International Convention on Human Rights , labour standards , environmental protection and good governance standards .
it is no longer a form of formal excuses for these abstentions .
nevertheless , I would like to highlight four issues , which I consider very important .
( DE ) Madam President , I would like , in particular , to thank both rapporteurs .
Europe is a border of silver than on the ground .
in writing . - ( IT ) Ford &apos;s report is part of the legislative package on reforming economic governance , which consists of six reports resulting from six months of negotiations .
in addition to physical security and energy security , food security is one of the main pillars of the world , which is important for the people , for the country and for each individual .
after all , the people of the Guantánamo Office are prisoners , and not the people with whom we can walk lightly .
this was certainly not the case .
let me underline one particular point in this regard .
ladies and gentlemen , I see that some Members have come to the Chamber after Question Time , and it is not aware of the great time pressure we have had to take in this endeavour .
it seems to me that if we are trying to deal with problems such as the economic crisis and the need to create growth , we should not consider spending in the fight against climate warming as a priority .
the first question is : how can we improve energy efficiency and energy efficiency ?
what is the result - the Member States will be competing with those who are allowing the most of the funds to be made .
the problem is , Commissioner , that at the moment , the European Court of Justice has established a consistent , case-law , which states that workers from one country who come from one country may work in a second country than with less than 50 % of their salary on the basis of a directive , which must be said , was set up precisely to prevent it .
today &apos;s debate , which I believe includes all the important aspects of the Neighbourhood Policy , has become a long and tense one .
this debate is very important .
this is the first unfair fact .
thank you very much .
I can already assure you that you will probably receive more support in this Parliament than some of the other Commissioners would have received .
twenty days ago , I also had the same difficult fate , in my own country , in the Horn of Africa , where there were two deaths , including the one in which there was one of the counties in the Black Sea region , which was one of the sites , and in a rural area in which three people were killed and the tens of people had to put out and have to complain .
it was an important event for discussing possible courses of action to help entrepreneurs in order to support economic recovery and economic growth .
we also need to decide whether an entire legal entity will be held , or only its Bureau .
the EU &apos;s commitment cannot and does not fall in the belief that everything is now running in its own right .
we need to increase the share of renewable energies , energy efficiency in buildings and products , and investments in research and the measures to alleviate the effects of climate change .
Mr Medina Ortega will try to be very specific in his report in this regard and I welcome it , but the legislator &apos;s desire to use alternative legislative methods , except the rule of blacklist , does not disappear .
we took brutal action against one side and against the other .
3 .
the EU is the most important trading partner for most of the ACP countries .
they will be interpreted in this way .
I would like to draw attention to the fact that I would like to draw attention to the fact that , if the same child should be in the future for Romania or Bulgaria , I would say that it will be in eight years &apos; time he was in the wrong .
the way in which we overcome the opposition and create the conditions for the approval and functioning of the Eurovignette regulation in order to ensure and efficiently operate is , firstly , a strict , transparent and rapid implementation of the directive in all the Member States and , secondly , to ensure that all the revenues are channelled to transport infrastructure as a means of destination , and not to meet these well-known shortcomings .
it is , in fact , crucial to see what is happening on the ground in terms of accession : major political breakthroughs , but also , above all , completely practical changes that will benefit the people of the country .
( the oral amendment was not adopted )
countries , international organisations and individuals reacted to the violence of occupying troops by sending a message of support to Vilnius .
your attention will also be managed by the Council to adopt the conclusions adopted in June on the enlargement and strengthening of the global approach to migration .
it needs to be expanded and it needs to be made more flexible .
the Council behind closed doors cannot adopt a common position .
in the area of European structural policy , a new instrument has been created , a European support for research policy , which , in particular , relates to the provision of access to better capital for small and medium-sized enterprises .
the potential of the EU and of the international community to change the reality of Somalia is modest enough .
it is a budget for European regions .
in particular , the problem with SIS II , which has been delayed for unacceptable reasons , has also been criticised by Parliament .
however , you did not give a clear answer to my question .
it does not bode well in a good context in which the government has criticised the closure of the news channel for closure , which was accompanied by many obstacles to the security forces by students and opposition members .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , your country will be the Presidency of the European Union over the next six months .
we also abstained from the idea of national special provisions because the labelling system must be as broad as possible .
you want to get rid of them , which means that we will have three billion euros in our contributions in 2013 .
for this reason , the Member States must immediately launch existing buildings programme in order to achieve an almost zero energy consumption in the existing buildings environment by 2050 .
setting the largest possible length of the detention period is an essential element of the directive .
that is the situation at present .
instead , I will conclude that greater mutual responsibility and solidarity must be accompanied by mutual intervention .
I will then propose the adoption of the Council &apos;s conclusions on the Commission &apos;s communication on deforestation .
this is certainly the very least that Members of this House can ask for .
we will then have to monitor closely whether South Sudan is in fact ready to meet this agreement .
( PL ) Madam President , the Union &apos;s relations with Russia must be two-way .
in writing . - ( FR ) I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Medicines Agency for the financial year 2006 on the basis of the report by my Austrian colleague , Hans-Peter Martin , which Parliament recommends to grant discharge .
these measures , in my opinion , are , I think , an excellent example for others .
Madam President , in the revision of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court , let us remember that the creation of this will mark the success of a liberal democracy and the enforcement of the development of effective international law .
the groups have a duty to participate in the discussions on the basis of the law .
thank you .
for the first time , the European Union was able to unequivocally acknowledge the conclusions of the previous year &apos;s summit , which we presented some time ago , and also to the European Union &apos;s culture agenda in the era of globalisation .
we have talked a great deal about equal opportunities for men and women , equal rights on the labour market , and it is clear that longer maternity leave - including paternity leave - creates a better basis for this .
in writing . - ( PT ) Violence in agriculture and rural areas plays an increasingly important role .
you have already mentioned this evening that we really need to pay particular attention to efficiency and cost .
in addition , the carriers must set up and introduce a system for responding to complaints , which is in line with the rights and obligations indicated in the regulation .
on 15 July , there was only one objection , and it came from you .
in a situation in which market participants are developing their internal credit requirements on their own regulatory capital requirements , there is a fundamental conflict of interest .
( SK ) The Goldstone report , the conclusions of the conclusions and the recommendations we are debating , ignores Israel &apos;s right to defend itself .
at present , it is quite large : about 40 % of total energy consumption .
however , the people living in slums are approximately 900 million , at least on the subject , and the Commissioner has not been arguing against this ?
however , it is still too early to discuss what these measures could include .
the Almadén has its own share of most killings and it will cause 17 000 unnecessary deaths on the roads .
although these two directives operate independently , they depend on each other in practice .
unclear rules for financing financing ;
paragraph 2 states that one of the main topics we will be discussing at the summit should be the question of the introduction of a bank levy or transaction tax at global level .
in the framework of the Stabilisation and Association Agreement , the Commission has negotiated free trade agreements to create the conditions for political and economic reforms and to establish a basis for the integration of Western Balkan countries into the European Union , for example , through the alignment of the acquis communautaire .
we should bear the facts in mind and , when we refer to the persecution , we should remind those who are persecuting .
it was , and now we know that it was because of the Commission &apos;s internal debate about whether or not to set a separate value for tar sands .
we need to save the poor , particularly in the current economic crisis , and I support the changes in the scheme which will achieve this goal .
in order to find a way out of this crisis , we must immediately elect the President of the Republic and to set up a new government in accordance with the Constitution .
written statements ( Rule 142 )
EU society is an ageing society and therefore the influx of migrants should not only be seen as a threat to European labour markets .
he does exist , but all of her rapporteur does not recognise it , even though he is .
ladies and gentlemen , the reason for these flags of flags is not different from the cause of why the Italian class on the wall is falling , and this is not such a religious reason , it is rather a culture of culture and traditions .
according to the representative of the European External Action Service , this money was spent on the reform process .
it is not enough to have a small occurrence .
4 .
GDP growth is increasingly dependent on the size of the services sector .
in Parliament &apos;s resolution of 2 February 2006 , the Member States recommended that all forms of violence against women be adopted in respect of all forms of violence against all forms of violence in order to guarantee better protection for victims .
this is an attempt to make us small and weak .
we also demand that products be made in proper working conditions , without threats to workers &apos; health and security .
transparency is important , and its importance will increase even further in the era of globalisation .
we want to ensure that there are appropriate incentives in place to operate in order to limit global warming and to adapt economic strategies for stimulating climate friendly development .
the European Union does not have the power in this area .
this type of drinking is a form of culture in certain regions of Europe and make it an important contribution to the local economy .
recently , a new investigation has been launched in Manchester Airport , and now this legal advice has been given that the use of these machines in minors may result in the nature of their image being violated by the nature of children &apos;s safety and protection laws .
according to the assumptions , the European Council will once again confirm the decision made by the European Commission at the end of last year and will initiate the accession process .
there is nothing to show that consumers will benefit from anything else .
I assure you that you have the full support of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for the European Union in all the dossiers in the forthcoming period .
and if you decide to move away , you will have to face up to the debt of the euro zone that has grown up because of the currency that has lost your value .
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
now , one year after the entry into force of the new legislation , the data show that European producers are going to adapt their production systems to the detriment of their production systems .
for this reason , it is crucial to begin dialogue with all the parties , the Government of Chad , the opposition and the rebel parties , which was undertaken in line with international standards for the elections in 2009 .
mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) :
in addition , the Commission will delay meeting the commitments made in the communication .
the transatlantic security of democratic guarantees is crucial to the short order of terrorism financing .
in accordance with the decision made by the General Affairs Committee last week , the subject will be discussed again after the Commission has submitted its opinion .
yesterday , President Barroso recalled in this House that the first summit in Washington took place in the European Parliament on the basis of the French Presidency , and President Sarkozy &apos;s cooperation with the Commission .
although the European Union remains firmly committed and integrated , it is not , in fact , clear how far the discussions will be reached in the coming weeks .
the EU should not draft legislation without strong reason .
1 .
it is very important to monitor what is happening there .
collective bargaining does not mean anything .
it has been a tough fight .
to date , extensive waste of waste is taking place outside the EU .
I agree with this report and I am pleased with this , as it gives all the requests for international protection , including refugees , new rights .
finally , I would like to say that the Commission recognises the need for the Commission to include the issue of climate change better in its own aid programmes , and to do so in close cooperation with partner countries and development partners at national level .
in writing . - ( RO ) Mr Reul &apos;s report is extremely important in view of the current economic crisis and the problems of climate change .
however , if an important industry such as the car industry is somewhat unhappy , we need to do more .
although a number of different reasons for having contributed to the spread of this phenomenon have contributed , I would like to highlight the important aspect of this debate on extremism , namely immigration .
signature of acts adopted under codecision : see Minutes
I do not think that it will help anyone , certainly not poorer countries .
why am I talking about this sporting event ?
we cannot allow the European Union to take the time for the NEAFC decisions for years .
it will be an election year and a year in which Europe is also very widely committed to the protection of climate .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , we have long argued with conviction that the Union &apos;s strategy for Central Asia is very important and has a positive impact on the security of the countries of Central Asia , stability and prosperity .
human rights must be involved in the constitutions and must be implemented in practice .
this can complement society &apos;s knowledge of healthy lifestyles , which is provided , for example , through campaigns and educational measures , but not replace them with knowledge .
this is one of the keys to freedom of freedom of the press and without it , there can be no substantive freedom of expression in our community .
we did it despite the fact that there was a paragraph in which the EU had confirmed that the EU should move towards a low carbon economy .
the European Commission &apos;s legislative proposals on short selling and private derivatives are also crucial in order to make the financial system more transparent and flexible .
although the intentions of this motion for a resolution are good enough to protect European citizens , it cannot , however , exclude the inappropriate use of these important data .
we are currently in the cycle of the cycle .
we also need to help our own producers in the case of medicines , but I think we all agree that this must not be done to the detriment of those who depend on access to cheap medicines .
I am saying that it is possible to support a European structural economic policy without advocating the growth of the budget deficit .
I believe that , before we adopt new measures , we will need to evaluate the full systematic implementation of existing mechanisms in order to avoid the creation of major problems in comparison with what we are trying to overcome .
we support the rights of citizens and consumer protection in international trade .
Mr President , may I remind you that there is still a delicate debate on public opinion in Kabul .
this is particularly true of the global division of labour in European production companies .
( it ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I think we need to be very careful in view of the experience experienced by Tunisia , Egypt and Libya , and that the European Union should be much more rigorous in insisting on respect for international law .
the approval of the Lyon report and the approval of the Lyon report on the future of the common agricultural policy ( CAP ) show that the European Parliament will take its responsibility seriously .
at the same time , however , the regulation does not mention the responsibility for the origin of the product &apos;s ingredients .
on the subject of trade , the European Union of last year , the Japanese Summit , agreed that we will examine the options for improving our relations .
we can no longer see or grasp ourselves from Europe separately .
I have just said , Mrs Vlasto , that pension funds are important institutional investors .
it is difficult to imagine , in these circumstances , the promotion of both foreign and domestic investment in business activities .
I voted in favour of the adoption of the EU strategy for youth which , for the first time , has been collected on the situation of young people in Europe , and also of the three priorities of the Commission &apos;s defined youth policy .
in 1989 we were obviously aware of the situation and consulted the people living in several foreign countries .
Vice-President of the Commission . - I can say that the design strategy played a key role in trying to test new methods by which citizens would involve citizens from all areas of life in the discussions on the future of Europe .
rapporteur . - Mr President , first of all , it should be said that no one should be against increasing safety and improving safety standards .
in the press , citizens are set up daily on a daily basis with contradictory information and misinformation .
the measures suggested highlight the development and fight against domestic violence in the European Year of Violence against Women .
a closer link with countries that do not form part of the area of freedom , security and justice must not encourage the growth of international crime or to facilitate smuggling and trafficking .
are they the standards of police conduct of a democratic country , which is part of the European Council ?
Madam President , I would like to conclude by thanking our rapporteur .
I do not know how much we can accept without understanding that a lot of people little bit day are just as reprehensible as to kill a large number of people in one day .
all the discussions held on this subject must be transparent in order to increase overall awareness and ensure people &apos;s support for our businesses .
this means that the entry into force of the SWIFT agreement does not provide added value in the area of protection .
I believe that this directive will also increase organs for better cooperation and cross-border organ exchanges and links the Member States in a new , principled manner .
we need to work hard .
if there were a motto at the Council meeting , it could be &apos; we have no time to spend &apos; .
however , this agreement is the first step , which will bring most of the parties together and provide a basis for reducing , financing , measuring , disseminating and control measures to alleviate climate change and combat deforestation .
what role will the Commission , the Member States and the regions have to play in ?
but why ?
the problem of climate warming is one of the key issues that is the scourge of the world today .
today , we have a month of Christmas today , and I have one major Christmas request and it is that , if the climate conference is over and the participants are not in the process of administrators and technicians , who only speak of details and quotas , we will ultimately have a political debate on what is really happening in reality and practically in order to improve the conditions of our planet and its inhabitants .
however , it should not surprise us , given that M5 , on the basis of our newly held foreign foreign policy , said that he had an sympathy with the communist views , and had it had the reserve of the CNIL , he took money from the Soviet bloc in order to undermine the defence policy of his own country .
the European high-tech advantage will allow us to take advantage of the full potential and benefits of a green economy in future .
however , it has been noted that we should apply the most inflexible standards in the toys sector .
in view of the long history of the countries of south-eastern Europe and the empires , it was right and good that it was the countries of this problem that have been offered the opportunity to become members of the European Union .
now that land troops have been attacked , I think it is important to ask whether a no-fly zone was created for this purpose .
Guinea
people are tortured .
young people need support for their reintegration into the labour market in order to secure their future and the future of the economy as a whole .
( PT ) Madam President , I would like to take this opportunity to express my solidarity with the 100 000 Portuguese teachers who , in Lisbon on 8 March , showed an impressive and fairer practice in the form of &apos; media publication &apos; , organised by the Portuguese Rio Federation .
who will be talking about the millions of millions and tens of millions of Europe in Europe who are in a difficult social situation and who does not have access to the labour market at all levels ?
we adopted , on the basis of the provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon , &apos; delegated acts &apos; ( I am just finishing ) ) .
I was open with a very clear picture of a country in which there is no proper market economy , and where the government is running far too much in the operation of the judiciary , the media and businesses .
of these 19 cases , small businesses were three or fewer .
for this reason , I am concerned that these trade preferences are the impression that we will pay tribute to the Pakistani Government for having done nothing about this .
in writing . - ( RO ) Although the number of women in the labour market is , for the first time , higher than the number of men in the world , the cases of chronic discrimination against men .
and this is the last few years since the renewed consensus on enlargement adopted by the European Council in December 2006 and supported by the European Parliament .
it is no wonder that we are faced with the climate disaster and the impoverishment of biodiversity .
Madam President , these reports are at best the paradox , at worst the truth .
the European Union , through the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy , should establish freedom of religion and belief in the international relations of religious and religious communities , including the security of Christians in the Union &apos;s international relations .
fight against corruption in European sport - the work of the Commission on missing persons who disappeared in Cyprus ) ( written declarations )
we will no doubt return to this debate in the summer of 2011 , when the Commission is presenting a number of new ways of financing the EU .
one of the great Czechs once said : &apos; I am not the first &apos; ; I am expected to have a gateway ; the gateway are my work . &apos;
immediately after the vote , I will begin a study in order to consider the introduction of a possible European system .
in Nagoya , the importance of the agricultural sector must be addressed to the environment and this issue should be central to the future issue of the future of the common agricultural policy and the budget .
so I would suggest that we focus instead on the quality of animal accommodation in transport , rather than the period of time , so we do not prevent the import of animals from Ireland .
the opposite - secrecy and colour of documents - leads to mistrust and greed , and may sometimes contribute to corruption and abuse of power .
I would like to hear the truth and I would like to hear Mr Weber confirm whether these statements have been made and if not , I would like him to reject them publicly and to send a copy to Parliament in order to avoid the expression of public opinion because of this type of conflict .
the Government of the Slovak Republic is among those who are conducting bilateral discussions with the United States , in the real belief that , as a result of these discussions , Washington will act more quickly and that it will be helpful .
we undoubtedly have a growing need for precise , timely and comparable statistical data on free jobs in Europe in a region and according to the sectors of the economy , particularly following the launch of the strengthened Lisbon Agenda for 2007 in 2005 .
we support Poland , but the country must also understand that as one of Europe &apos;s largest countries , it has both the rights and its responsibilities .
what have we achieved ?
I therefore welcome the fact that the report calls for a infrastructure to be set up to evaluate the effects of the proposals and proposals which you have drafted in Parliament .
however , this amendment has not been adapted to these objectives , and its adoption would result in the end of the entire compromise .
the next item is the Commission statement on the practical issues of the future review of EU instruments for the financing of SMEs in the context of the next programming period .
on the one hand , the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon is going to come back on some six months and , on the other , the global financial and economic crisis , its impact and the response of the European Union to the crisis will undoubtedly mean that we have ended up in the life of the European Union in the end of one of the time and the new stages .
why is the creation of the airspace used jointly for both civil and military flights to enter a united Europe for such a long time ?
we cannot go back to the extreme capitalism of capitalism , Mr Takkula .
until now , however , the EU encourages Belarus to take further steps towards democratic standards without which our relationship cannot fully realise its potential .
Mrs Gomes and Mrs Lochbihler are right when they claim that we should support the events in Egypt and Tunisia , and these events should receive our attention and , indeed , the instruments we are discussing today will really offer this opportunity , particularly through a financing instrument for democracy and human rights in the financial instrument .
the EU had just updated its licences in these waters , and these people have seen all this happening before .
good arrival all day !
food security is not possible without the economic sustainability of producers .
however , I do not agree that there was a vote in plenary on the calendar for 2013 .
in writing . - ( FR ) According to the Treaty of Lisbon , the report states that the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation ( NATO ) must form the basis of the common protection of the EU Member States .
the Commission must centralise the information relating to the activities of the Member States to combat tax evasion , show which action was the most successful , and to recommend which instruments must be punished by punishing the most appropriate criminal behaviour .
recently , suspected killing or injury of albinos were recently arrested .
Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , I am sure you are familiar with the search engine of the Internet with Google .
this may , in turn , undermine the credibility of the European Union in relation to the General Fisheries Commission for the Mediterranean and other international fisheries organisations .
we want to point out that the number of Afghan opium provinces has doubled over the course of this year .
now I come to the second question , which is the SET Plan we are discussing here .
he has visited the Romanian Parliament and supported the Government of Bolivia and the Gilin .
you pointed attention to improving public transport , increasing road safety and environmental aspects of driver training and satellite navigation .
the last few days of discussions on the positions of the positions cast me fear that we are not seeking the best solution for Europe , but one of the most simple solutions for the Member States and political groups .
why is this ?
following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , Parliament &apos;s opinion is binding , but only for the text that has already been signed ; Parliament will not be able to put forward its proposals or amend it .
Mr President , in nature - and I agree with this - there are problems that we are trying to resolve with the two documents mentioned , serious and very often really tragic .
the problem will also result in the fragmentation of programmes for supporting SMEs .
this would allow us to combat marine piracy - a phenomenon that we have witnessed in recent years , and also to protect the natural heritage and archaeological of these areas , in order to avoid disasters that would have disastrous consequences for the development of the EU &apos;s coastal regions .
in writing . - ( PT ) I agree that the position adopted on the delegated acts must be repeated at second reading and must be welcomed .
in this context , the People &apos;s Republic of China must take responsibility and exert pressure on North Korea as a member of the United Nations Security Council .
Mr Brok admits that without a serious change in the current EU policy , enlargement can undermine the EU &apos;s internal unity .
I believe that it would be useful - and I propose such a proposal - to invite the 12 new Member States to cooperate with the Commission within the framework of the 10th European Development Fund programme .
as others have said , counterfeiting is often regarded as a crime without sacrifices , but it is still a long way from it , as we have also said .
I am referring here , for example , of the inventions of the pharmaceutical industry .
they will suffer from the lack of market abuse in the event of other players in the financial markets .
since the main objectives of this review are to simplify and propose a new version of the regulation and , at the same time , reduce the unnecessary administrative burden , thus making it possible to achieve better regulation , to ensure compliance with the Montreal Protocol in 2007 , to ensure that the future challenges will be resolved for the timely recovery of the ozone layer , and to avoid having a negative impact on human health and the ecosystem , I voted in favour of this legislation .
I therefore appreciate what has been done today , and I think that we should also , from now , also deal with the financial transactions of credit rating agencies , which are devastating human lives and trying to overthrow sovereign governments .
they need to know if the animals whose meat consume them are fed with genetically modified feed .
the EU Data Protection Directive does not apply to national activity in the area of criminal matters and , in this case , the framework decision on data protection in relation to police and judicial cooperation does not also apply , since no EU Member State is involved in the application of the US judgment , and personal data have not been communicated or issued by the competent authority of another Member State .
people are characterised by their advantages and strengths and deficiencies and weaknesses .
it would not have been possible .
issues such as lifelong learning will of course be a teacher of teachers .
this , I am afraid , will make it out of the country &apos;s ownership .
I would also like to emphasise the need for simplification measures for the Commission &apos;s programming period for the period 2007-2013 , as the response to the current economic crisis .
I think it is time for the Commission to start this article .
we will have the help of the sky !
thanks to the experience of the European Union &apos;s budget , the resources allocated to the European Union budget have already been set aside , and various institutions responsible for civil protection are coordinating their activities .
the Council must be able to guarantee the Members of the European Parliament all the necessary information to enable Parliament to adopt an appropriate and fair decision .
we can argue whether these plans could have been or should have been more extensive .
the aim of the proposed directive is to establish a common system of value for invoices , simplifying and reducing administrative burdens ; it is essential to ensuring greater integration within the internal market and to reduce the costs of companies .
cooperation between universities and business is an opportunity - no , it will be more than an opportunity ; it is absolutely necessary .
it is therefore necessary to update the regulations on the collection and statistics of data .
however , the ban must be based on scientifically substantiated conclusions and not on political dogmas .
Mr President , in spite of its appalling consequences , international terrorism is unfortunately a topic that creates controversy .
the technical , autonomous and independent body of the European Union , in particular , must draw up the recommendations of the IAEA in this area , which the EU will , for its part , support it properly , and not the other way round .
given that , for several years in order to reach social security coordination , we have been happy to work together with Finland , Germany , Portugal , Slovenia and France .
so , if we want to confirm and secure stability in Kosovo in the Balkans , we need to have a joint approach with regard to the whole region and , in particular , to Kosovo .
a few months ago he returned when he had fulfilled his role to make a mockery of the European Parliament .
the initiatives can only be implemented , however , if they correspond to certain procedural rules or to the conformity of the fundamental values of the European Union in order to prevent the use of this instrument from undemocratic claims .
others , such as Mr Swoboda and Jan Wiersma , underline that we should not follow the black and white approach and that Ukraine deserves some attention - and you are right , of course ; of course Ukraine will not make progress .
thank you for your speech , Mr Rodríguez Zapatero .
we need to have a serious approach to this issue , because we need to take seriously , we need to understand that there are problems in Europe and that there are things we can do together using added value at European level - and this Commissioner is also dealing with other issues - but always follows on the same spirit - it always respects security and respects full respect for individual freedoms and fundamental rights .
they are happy to take their feet , their talent and their origins .
any measures that will improve the circumstances of these countries are very important .
- ( CS ) Mr President , I would like to explain why I abstained on the question of Mr Hutchinson &apos;s report .
to be clear - the European Conservatives and Reformists are opposed to this legislation , we are against the idea of transnational parties .
Madam President , the countries that are being proposed to the European Union are relatively poor .
the European Union is divided into the north and south , whether in the case of textiles or the reform of trade defence measures .
without going into the detailed comments on the contents of this report , which could be placed on a great deal of criticism , I would like to draw attention to one article , which I will vote against , even though I have left in the Commission rejecting the amendment designed to delete it .
in writing . - ( NL ) A common agricultural policy together with adequate resources is necessary in order to guarantee food safety .
and we can also clearly involve the European Investment Bank in this area .
we also have another list of countries whose citizens are exempt from this requirement .
( PL ) Madam President , 87 years ago , in the world of World communism and the Soviet Union , the head of the Soviet Union , Vladimir Ino , decided to divide the into a three-zone into Georgia .
bus and coach transport providers should be responsible for losses and damage caused by the deaths or physical injuries of passengers when they had occurred in the event of accidents involving the use of transport services .
the Council invited the government of Chad and Sudan to comply with the obligations assumed by the Tripoli Agreement and , in particular , to stop assisting armed groups that are causing instability in the region .
the case here was mentioned in the field of Transnistria .
the same also applies to the Social Fund .
what we know is that the consequences of some of these appalling people are not to oppose any convincing evidence of any actual relocation or other Member States or about the prevention of repeated requirements , even though the Dublin system was set up for these reasons .
first of all , this shows us that we urgently need to abandon nuclear energy and pay more attention to renewable alternative sources of energy .
Internet providers may be forced to stop their online or provide information on them .
we feel that the importance of the framework legislation in force is that it will increase market competition without reviewing the level of consumer protection .
one and the same tool can be used in a very restrictive way or in a very comprehensive way .
we also need a more efficient and protective common European asylum system .
this is a political priority for all these countries .
but I warn you - we are not simply giving our consent to any agreement .
a moment ago , my fellow Member , Mrs Sbarbati , reminded us of the destruction of such pollution in the Baltic Sea , for example .
the South Stream project only increases the EU &apos;s dependency on one source .
all the comments will be checked .
it is for this reason that we have been looking for a small instrument which will enable the European Union to implement a policy in developing countries which does not strictly apply to the fight against poverty .
thank you .
last but not least , I would like to remind the Commission of the commitments made to date in the 1980s , namely to ensure that there is an adequate number of jobs for the new Member States .
so , what can we see in this year ?
the most important thing would be to hold referendums on the subject matter , whereas the results of the referendums should be respected .
as the citizens &apos; interests , we must strive to ensure that the EU does not give people the impression of a legal remedy .
people are looking for work , companies are looking for markets , consumers are looking for security , Greece is looking for stability and Europe has to look for its role in the world .
in this respect , the promotion of sales is more important than supply .
we must have more facts and not a label , and we will certainly have to draw on those facts .
in particular , there are areas in which consumers are suffering , and these regions are being used in their business as a suitable source of viability in order to give them the appropriate broadband coverage .
in writing . - ( PL ) As the Chair of the European Parliament resolution on Belarus , I would like to draw attention to the situation of democracy , respect for human rights and , overall , the situation of the Belarusian people .
the available funds will be used for this .
new international organisations and forums have emerged , such as the G20 , G8 , G7 , etc . - and have made proposals to reform traditional international organisations .
I call on all those involved to quickly come up with this question now to overcome this unfair digital divide in the end .
it has executed all the rights for democratic legitimacy in its unbridled violations of human rights , political freedoms and the rule of law .
the imposition of these penalties , of at least non-financial penalties for all car drivers in the Member States , would reduce the vulnerability of the country of origin of many carriers or drivers for the laws of the Member State of the European Union in which they travel .
subject : Sri Lanka
I therefore appeal to you to mobilise their resources and contacts to ensure that this summit would bring about real achievements .
I would like to recall one historical fact that you could benefit from .
I would like to draw attention to the difficulties experienced by the residents of the Russian Federation &apos;s Kaliningrad region .
no EU Member State is responsible for this .
( LV ) Madam President , fair trade in the agricultural product sector is one of the most important drivers of the economic development of developing countries .
this is very important and I would ask for your understanding on this aspect , because this issue has proved to be part of the world &apos;s limits .
the negotiations have been ineffective and will continue to do so ; consequently , it must stay in Paris .
recently , the Chinese authorities were detained by 30 students in schools , who , at the beginning of March , published their own beliefs on the second anniversary of the events in March and started peaceful protest .
that is a fact .
the Commission agrees that the issue of Internet rights management in relation to television and radio broadcasts deserves careful attention .
I am sorry to thank Mr Madlener , Mr Rinaldi , and Mrs Lagarde , who is also present .
for example , a tactical mistake was the decision to send EULEX peacekeeping force to Kosovo in order to take up the role which , until recently , was assumed by the IMF .
making these rules mandatory for maritime transport also seems a good idea , as the collection of data to European road , rail and inland waterway transport statistics is already mandatory .
in order to really control the administrative bureaucracy , national governments , the Commission or Council machine here in Brussels and Strasbourg , we need close cooperation between the European Parliament and the national parliaments .
in my view , Mr Lehne &apos;s proposal to release micro-entities from the burden of submitting annual accounts , thereby reducing administrative red tape , is to be welcomed .
in the report , these aspects have not been included and I have therefore decided to abstain .
it is directed at the protection of Christians and attacks .
President-in-Office of the Council . - Madam President , I think that the current debate is timely , and Mrs Neyts-Uyttebroeck &apos;s report contains a number of important recommendations .
in this context , I really feel that it is not the best time to conclude an international agreement with the long term .
if I had to face all these workers , I would like to say them : please agree with the solution proposed by the Commission .
Burma &apos;s neighbour , Thailand has seen a border with many refugees : in some estimates , many million people have fled in the last 25 years and tens of thousands of whom have been banned are left homeless in the border .
we would have preferred a system for the Commission , which has been proposed and by the Committee on the Environment , which made it perfectly clear that , in addition to these violations mentioned in these directives , a whole new series of offences would automatically be punishable on the basis of criminal law .
the financing of the EIT &apos;s Knowledge and Innovation Network is also open in principle .
in my opinion , the opposite of the southern and eastern neighbouring countries is a mistake .
it is therefore very important to take diplomatic action against these countries and find ways of helping them , both in terms of security and development .
this expression is more than just a single one : it is our philosophical choice .
this is my opinion , and I will continue to ask the Council to act on this appeal .
the vote will take place at 11 a.m.
I voted in favour of this report because it deals with sensitive biodiversity and energy security issues in relation to the climate change agenda .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see Minutes
the Commission proposal does not provide for the single patent applicable throughout the territory of the Union , as required in Article 118 , and enhanced cooperation has had adverse consequences for the establishment of companies and the free movement of capital .
this is an important step which must be taken as quickly as possible .
it goes without saying that we voted against this report .
Madam President , I will come back to you for your coming from New York in order to discuss the Commission &apos;s strategy for equality .
I voted in favour of the report by my fellow Member , Mrs Balzani , which defines Parliament &apos;s position in the negotiations on the forthcoming 2012 budget .
if someone looked forward to Mr Van Rompuy from the Independence and Democracy Group , they will have to deceive them because he is not present .
everything can , of course , be revised in future .
Mr President-in-Office , I am grateful to you for the fact that we are using the opportunity of having given legal personality to join the Strasbourg Convention .
we have a 200 in Turin .
on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , I would like to explain why we abstained from voting on the amendment of the amendment tabled by the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance on the establishment of a Tobin tax .
one way we can help can be to promote democracy , the rule of law , counter-terrorism policy and cooperation across the entire region and in the relevant country .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates , in other words in a moment .
if we have to deal with many challenges , we will not be able to do so without the involvement of the Treaty of Lisbon , which is the scope of the Lisbon Treaty , namely strengthening the rights of the European Parliament and of national parliaments .
( RO ) Madam President , I fully understand the principle of subsidiarity , but I believe that pensions are no longer a national matter , but today they are the subject of debate at EU level .
first of all , I have to say that the Commission has always highlighted data protection in its proposals .
52 .
secondly , the history of the whole budget shows that the rules laid down in the legislation , the United States in the United States , the United States , a single percentage rule - all of this is nonsense .
moreover , on the protection of freedoms , I would like to highlight the efforts made by Portugal as the Presidency to extend the freedom of movement for the new Member States .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance supports two points in the resolution .
by Mrs del Castillo Vera , on behalf of the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy , on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a European Electronic Communications Market Authority - C6-0428 / 2007 - ,
we need to introduce a number of sanctions to recruit illegal immigrants at European level in order to combat illegal immigration .
there is no danger whatsoever to the constitutions of the Member States ; it only expresses our wish to have more debates in the euro area , particularly in the euro area , but also in the 27 Europe .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , fishing is , in nature , the most unstable of the profession and , at the same time , the area that globalisation affects .
it also provides for the evaluation of the so-called impact assessment in 2008 , which was preceded by a clear timetable for the 2012 action plan .
Europe must offer international solutions to international challenges .
that is why the quality policy in the agricultural food sector is one of the priorities of my area of competence , one of my basic priorities , immediately after the CAP post-2013 .
finally , allow me to express our wish that as many European companies as possible be excluded from this crisis .
we believe that this is a implementing law , and this question must therefore be regulated by means of the implementing act .
the Council will certainly examine the proposals made in the report in full detail .
I would just like to warn against unlimited freedom in the area , which concerns me and which deals with this House .
we also need to remember Parliament &apos;s report on childcare services for students , since we are talking about work , but it is precisely because of the qualifications .
our existing neighbourhood policy is not enough .
we look forward to the Green Paper and conclusions of it .
the Member States will today receive quite different ways and considerably more quickly to respond to a number of new models that are emerging on a daily basis .
if we fail to strike a balance between work and private life , we will not be able to encourage young mothers to make a career career , so they can reach a leading position .
Islam and democracy are not mixed .
piracy and the illegal dissemination of music and films through the Internet are an undeniable fact .
in my own country we have had to acknowledge the murders of persons who defend human rights .
it seems that this is a pretext for the centre-right to attack the right-wing , Prime Minister Viktor Orbán , in the right of the centre-right .
( PT ) Ladies and gentlemen , I am convinced that the European Union &apos;s budget for 2010 will help us overcome the current economic crisis .
these ceilings , as you know , are not ambitious , which will certainly have to be achieved .
Shirin Ebadi , who is personally in the risk of condemning these abuses , has continued to condemn the Nobel Peace Prize as a result of all the ethnic groups and all religious communities .
on the issue of transplantation , society must be assured that everything is done legally , transparently and with no hidden interests , and that , under the guise of its noble medical procedure , it does not promote other interests than the saving of human life .
the Council stressed the importance of investment in innovation , research and agricultural production and pointed out the social and environmental impact of biofuel production in the EU and outside it .
the price of oil is causing new records .
in addition , the Union has set aside EUR 825 million of the budget for 2007-2013 in order to implement the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) for the participation of the citizens of the South .
I am surprised , however , that the text , which deplores the inadequate healthcare of healthcare in developing countries , should leave aside one of the most serious problems that currently exist : the fact that doctors are attracted to the rich countries in the countries in which they have given their doctors sufficient training , considering they will be able to cut their social protection costs .
subject : operation procedures for security and defence in the area of security and protection in the field of security and services (
finally , I urge you to vote honestly on the scandalous amendment by the ALDE Group , which aims to remove the restrictions on access to the Clean Development Mechanism and to link up not only aviation , but also the quotas of common implementing projects in all sectors of the emissions trading scheme .
it would create the necessary openness for discussions in Turkey , including for the sake of the past , and this brings me to the question of Armenia .
our efforts should guide us .
it is therefore essential for cohesion policy to continue to support less developed regions .
we also have a responsibility towards them because they are the victims of an unprecedented disaster - first the earthquake and now the cholera epidemic .
if not , at least we propose binding legislation .
it should be done in a way that allows the smooth implementation of these rights .
if we distribute 20 % of the different sectors , such as transport , fuels , electricity , production and agriculture , it is clear that electricity generation is the most important one .
I think it is important to highlight the important role played by the Belgian Presidency , which made what was necessary to reach this complex compromise between Parliament and , in particular , certain Member States whose position was - how I could describe it - in some cases .
Mr Mitchell spoke very much with regard to the difficulties experienced by the developing world as a result of the erosion of biodiversity .
25 May was not by chance ; it is precisely this day in 1948 , representatives of the Soviet power , who were murdered by the Soviet power , and the Kilin , it was a man who went voluntarily to the head of Auschwitz in order to organise resistance there .
this means that , once this authority has been created , it will apply the law in which the location of its registered cross-border cooperation authority is applied .
we should not , however , have a good deal with the good that some colleagues in this House would like .
in particular , European rules prevent the public sector and large companies from being able to deceive the law adopted at Member State level .
whether we are now going to do , whether we are going to adopt , will be effective , before four or six years .
physical education has been a slap in the spotlight for too long , especially at primary school , which will be punished as a result of the first rains .
just as many agencies of the European Union could say what double the work done at national level and promote the federalist plan of the European Union &apos;s federalist plan .
when the Czech Republic acceded to the Schengen Information System , Czech citizens were told that they can move in a freely and unhindered way on behalf of the EU , including on the territory of Germany - as provided for and guaranteed by the Schengen system .
as I understand it will become President of the presidential elections in Egypt .
I think we have achieved a great deal , and I would like , once again , to congratulate Mrs Ferrero-Waldner , who made the fundamental work of our delegation in the humanitarian field , where what we have achieved is still operating today .
is it not time to say at this summit that we want to have a strategic dialogue to achieve a strategic partnership ?
we are following closely the implementation of the European Arrest Warrant which , in my view , is one of the best tools we have for judicial cooperation in criminal matters at the moment , but certainly requires further improvement .
today , the most important thing is the fact that President Obama has adopted the right decision to close this disgraceful prison , and his decision is a good one for America , and it is in the history of the American history and the general international community .
otherwise , many people can try to circumvent this task .
secondly , allow me to make three comments on the issues of coordination and civil protection , etc .
I would also like to draw attention to the deterioration of the situation of many border regions , particularly the Polish minority , which , following Poland &apos;s accession to the Schengen area , is very difficult to communicate with the families of its own people in Poland and , in particular , because of the high cost of visas .
the statement quite clearly states that , if the 2020 targets will not be achieved , it will be a serious signal to the Commission that a Member State has not adopted the necessary measures to achieve the objectives .
after all , Europe must be accused of what happens to it .
( RO ) We have chosen that European energy policy aims to reduce energy dependence in the EU , ensure security of supply and price transparency .
( DE ) Madam President , unfortunately , my painful illness has so far prevented our international auditing from speaking , as I have done before , European issues .
we cannot accept that there are individual sectors where equality of opportunity is not applied consistently .
- The debate is closed .
nobody knows who were attacking them .
certainly , as Mr Stevenson has just said , the increase is not reflected in the price of farmers ; they accuse the price of the price and price paid by the consumer because of the energy policy of the consumer , which is based on air recovery .
one of the most important priorities was the issue of equal opportunities .
the right to pay for work is the basis of proper behaviour , and it is also a major factor in showing the credibility of the company and its free resources , which depends on access to credit and funding .
these are the implementing regulation and the proposed texts .
the business directory companies are often established in a different Member State other than those of their victims , which makes it difficult for the public authorities in recent countries to request their protection and / or redress .
this is the Commission &apos;s first proposal for the mobilisation of the fund in 2011 .
this would also make it much easier for companies operating in the field of e-commerce .
if we want to meet the commitments of the Kyoto Protocol , the countries of rapidly growing gross domestic production must also build high power stations .
the European Commission has also given its tone on the eve of pilot projects in order to achieve , for example , carbon capture and storage , for example , on technological innovation .
after several months of discussions in the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission have finally reached an agreement .
I really want to take this opportunity to recall the people who have managed to oppose their identity by defending their identity for decades , and I strongly reject the rejection of the referendums , which are involved in the constitutions that the rulers want to impose on those in question .
I was very pleased to hear you say that we need to get closer to our citizens .
the meeting of Justice and Home Affairs , which will take place in the second half of this month , has a great deal of benefit here .
the European Union must not use vague words when it comes to making promises to the Cambodian Government .
in spite of this , the Slovak Republic - a neighbouring country for peace and security of Austria &apos;s citizens - agreed , in the course of the negotiations on the EU accession , to close before the deadline for the most advanced standards , before the deadline for accession to the European Union .
I have to say that neither the Director of Romania or the representatives of employees have approached the Commission .
the European Parliament is aware that the report by my colleague , Mr Ashworth , on the simplification of the CAP , was adopted here in the European Parliament last May .
what is bad in populism , bearing in mind that MEPs are a voice of populism , a voice of the people ?
another drop in the pound &apos;s son is a lack of links to Eurojust , which should have been at the centre of attention .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
on most issues , the negotiations went well and we agreed with each other on the basic positions of this legislation .
in the meantime , I will continue to monitor and report on behalf of citizens .
the European Union is committed to this part of its contribution , which requires , of course , an agreement on the sharing of burdens within the framework of the honest Union .
- ( ES ) Madam President , in November , it will be just eight years since the oil tanker Prestige , which had 70 000 tonnes of crude oil on board , was found to be born out of the coast off the coast .
only through conflict prevention and in the enforcement of civil measures in conflict situations can meet the commitment made by the United Nations Security Council resolution 1325 .
the first is for humanitarian aid , which has already been allocated by ECHO to support for refugees and displaced persons in the various areas of Chad in order to support refugees and displaced persons as a priority in 2007 .
it is this initiative , which we are here today , and it calls for the retention of Sunday days to rest on the ground , to stay in and to reflect .
any development of infrastructure which would allow the access of new players is very slow , because vertical , integrated monopolies are invested mainly in order to strengthen their dominant position and , at the same time , are struggling to attract new investors to the market .
coming back to the issue of carbon leakage , it is not only the preservation , employment and competitiveness of our jobs , but also the environmental question .
therefore , by applying strictly Article 147 , the President believes that these amendments comply with all relevant unacceptable criteria .
consequently , environmental issues and indicators will also play a key role in ensuring the well-being of the regions .
with this in mind , I would like to have clearer information on what you see as the structure of the rotating Presidency , the Commission , Parliament and the President of the European Council .
for funds , it means stability and the risk of setbacks .
unfortunately , I have to say that the negotiations were not successful and I therefore recommend not being able to vote in this House today and leave the vote on this important dossier to the next Parliament in the event of a new proposal from the Commission in the autumn of this year .
but , before we come from this , let us remember the importance of services .
both the interest rates for loans and the requirements of the loans should reduce moral damage for such an understanding .
in addition , even by some of those who support the transfer of PNR data , we believe that we should today be politically demonstrations and show the Council its place - in short , punishing the arrogance of the Council .
as soon as the question of air traffic came on on the agenda , Parliament started to organise transport to Strasbourg and I thank you for all of those who cannot be here today .
( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we have now discussed Turkmenistan on three and a half years in the various committees of this House .
in relation to the definition of on-call time , the Council &apos;s aim is often well understood .
I would like to know what the Presidency is saying at the moment that there are obstacles to the Council of Ministers within the Council which are blocking progress .
and I think that EURES could play a role in the two : those who want to enter other labour markets but also for all of us themselves and for our Member States to make the movement easier .
perhaps it was really about the trend , it was also about the rejection of the reference method .
the EBRD has taken a proactive stance on the crisis : by supporting customers in our target countries , we are extending our resources and we are going to invest EUR 7 billion in 2009 - more than 20 % .
it is a crisis that affects both our nations and all Europeans of the idea of a common civilisation that unites Europe .
I have received one motion for a resolution , pursuant to Rule 108 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
for some time it seemed that it would not have happened .
the target of these expectations is the last few months or even more than your term of office .
are there any objections ?
this would be an excellent opportunity for cooperation on the transparency of technology .
I also hope that all those involved in the process have also learnt something from better regulation .
the &apos; Blue Card &apos; and circular migration is the first steps in the right direction .
secondly , we are very pleased about the point you have mentioned in relation to the electronic management of the process , but we believe that the key question is whether service providers can ultimately carry out the tasks required in the procedure , and whether they will actually find themselves in the Internet and whether they will really find themselves with the number of hours they can talk to and to negotiate with the Member States , or we will simply put obstacles and obstacles .
Mr President , I would like to add my voice to the support of my fellow Members in the entire House in connection with the terrible treatment of albinos in Tanzania .
the current state of the Euro-Mediterranean Free Trade Agreement ( vote )
the Commission believes that its recent proposal for a directive is a much more appropriate instrument in order to achieve our common aim of protecting children against sexual offenders .
when it comes to the use of security forces for aircraft on board , each Member State has the right to decide on the registered and authorised airline company in the country concerned , but its role was promoted by imposing provisions on certain training and security conditions .
the focus is on the focus of attention : the competitiveness and the environment .
however , if the Commission had to come up with doubts about the interpretation of the draft recommendation , it was obliged to submit , in its own judgment , the justification for the legal evaluation that would have been confirmed by the car manufacturer in accordance with Parliament &apos;s Regulation ( EC ) No 1049 / 2001 to go to the courts .
it has happened again , because the majority of governments had believed that they did not believe in the fact that the global markets can be self-regulating and did not manage to control the democratic market .
on the other hand , there are issues involving only certain industries .
Europe must stop at what is a rule of law .
yes , there are many bad things going on in Africa .
we need two thirds of the constitution , because it is a rule that gives guarantees .
we hope that they will be adopted by the end of Parliament &apos;s mandate and , above all , thanks to the commitment made by the Czech Presidency .
composition of committees and delegations : see Minutes
we also support Mrs Jeggle &apos;s proposal , which is in favour of the creation of EUR 600 million in the dairy fund and the extension of the school milk scheme .
soil protection is therefore crucial for our cultural heritage and for the preservation of natural resources .
there is no doubt that the steady rise in the prices of raw materials due to the rise in commodity prices is becoming an increasingly urgent problem in the EU .
even with the amendments voted on today , it is still an unacceptable violation of the principle of subsidiarity .
I now have one of my opinion : the EU &apos;s own supervisory system has not proved - as I said - a plastic , calm in the critics not within a few years , but rather within a couple of months .
Madam President , I have one of the modest advisers of the EU .
Mr President , I welcome the adoption of this report .
we believe we have made significant progress , and not only on electronic communications , which I hope will speed up the process for all citizens , but we in Parliament believe that we have increased the rights of citizens within this process so that they will now have the opportunity to receive more information , not least in the interests of those who will be in the interests of their work .
the amendments adopted significantly improve the Council &apos;s proposal .
now this tonne of this is EUR 270 and its production is profitable .
the limited access and development of SMEs is a major impediment to their creation and development , particularly during the current financial and economic crisis .
the debate is closed .
let us speak on the rights of Members of the European Parliament : if the Commission is putting forward plenary proposals in plenary , it is not up to Parliament &apos;s services or the other bodies to decide whether these proposals are the right or the wrong ones .
it is a rare moment for the legislator or executive to give a part of their powers to the citizens .
( applause )
but , as the Commissioner pointed out , there are 19 Member States participating in this project .
unfortunately , these are not just empty words , because the constitution is not respected .
it has condemned the possibility of introducing unilaterally , arbitrary and consulted interbank margins , which are indeed redundant .
I mean that , with the urgent debate from the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) in relation to the Ugandan laws on homosexuality and the further urgent debate on executions in Iran , they now want us to intervene in favour of President Ortega or the game in the light of the protests there .
in this context , it is essential for the Member States really to fulfil their tasks .
it is still difficult here .
in writing . - ( RO ) Support and high-quality jobs in the labour market were the main priorities of the Lisbon Strategy for economic growth and the creation of new jobs , as well as the main priorities of the European Youth Pact .
it is also clear that we urgently need to discuss the need to find new tools for the Union &apos;s budget .
I believe that the harmonisation of this area is important .
until October we have continued to support Member States in order to try to improve the security conditions in the region .
a couple of weeks ago , I sent Mr Barroso a letter on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , in which I expressed our concerns and asked why we will not have the Commissioner for a communication strategy .
we abstained on a rather stupid discussion on the issue of whether it is more important to pursue the neighbourhood policy or the South .
it seems that the aim is not to tighten up the regulations , but simply the creation of a system where the collapse is slightly less likely .
the PPE Group is suggesting that you produce thorough proposals and you can count on our support in this Parliament .
many have asked whether the country of Sweden can still bear this responsibility .
on behalf of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection , Mrs von Wogau , on behalf of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection , on the Internal Market Scoreboard ( SEC ( 2009 ) / 1007 - ,
we also propose the exact application of these pensions to the budget , and not only the amounts paid , as they do not take into account future pension obligations .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - Madam President , tomorrow , as far as Brussels is concerned , the Irish Prime Minister could think free from the words of Irish son : &apos; where all went wrong ? &apos;
these measures are needed in order to limit the future growth of this highly toxic sludge .
of what you said , Mr Lehne , I understood that the European Social Democrats was caused by the crisis .
we would like to draw your attention to the following points in the debate on the climate defence policy between 2050 and 2050 .
( ES ) Madam President , in these times of crisis , there are two types of policy and measures : proactive and stimulating .
( DE ) Madam President , when it comes to our oceans , the time is running out .
the compromise we wanted to reach with the Council was rejected .
we need social development and progress , which will include production , particularly in areas such as agriculture and industry , employment with the rights of workers and social inclusion , rather than a return to the requirement to comply with the Stability Pact , with the associated liberalisation and neoliberal methods , as suggested by the President-in-Office of the Council .
with regard to the temporary &apos; binding &apos; measures , I would like the Commissioner to assure us that they will apply to all those who apply for all those involved in the short time for economic reasons and that they will only be available to those involved in the restructuring plan will apply to the widest extent .
it strengthens Europe &apos;s lead in a global policy against marine carbon dioxide emissions , which will also be a good time for the international negotiations in Copenhagen in Poznań and 2009 in December 2009 .
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of this report .
in writing . - ( FR ) I voted in favour of the report on the dialogue between universities and businesses because I believe it is crucial to develop the link between training and the labour market .
it therefore seems paradoxical that ever fewer companies will decide on rail transport .
I think that we can transport the initiative when it begins the dialogue .
on average , there were 25 Member States in which the data are available , in these three areas where there are no jobs in the three areas , by 22.5 % in 2006 , and in 2009 they had fallen to 19.6 % .
the policy of supporting the integration of the western Balkans in Europe and agreed at the time has subsequently been confirmed ; the latter confirmed the Council meeting in its meeting of 8 December 2008 .
I am only wondering whether you will remember what has happened in the last few years , the year in 2000 ?
this is why I think we need to have more specialists in this area and increase the level of participation of local parties in the project .
this will allow the application of governance policy .
we need to think carefully about how we will do it in the future , so that Parliament can send its message to the Commission before .
this could have been considered in the motion for a resolution .
finally , I would like to mention external relations .
I am also afraid of what may happen to the movement of capital without establishing a single tax base .
the EU &apos;s aim must therefore be to keep Ukraine on the path of the Union .
in other words , we support the flexible and pragmatic position adopted in the Council and which was proposed by the European Commission for the exclusion of self-employed persons .
Mr President , the Socialist Group in the European Parliament wants to vote in favour of this alternative resolution .
closure of the sitting
firstly , both of them have probably recognised the huge potential of Africa than anyone else or , at least , it was the case .
( the sitting was suspended at 19.45 and resumed at 21 : 00 )
( RO ) As a representative of Romanian citizens , I consider it extremely important for the European Parliament to participate in a decision on the protection of personal data in police and judicial cooperation in the field of criminal matters in the field of criminal matters .
corrigendum ( Rule 216 ) : see Minutes
they were assessed , but they were undesirable .
as a single strategy , it is not a bad thing , but ...
we have seen that passengers were deprived of their shoes in their destinations in their destination , without accommodation or even from the rest of the flight .
this long-awaited directive , which the consultations held in the European Parliament has always considered complex , is based on Article 13 of the EC Treaty and regulates protection against discrimination , stressing equal treatment on all sides .
Hungary originally intended for aid for Burma was re-directed to China in the face of the isolation of the Burmese military dictatorship .
in accordance with Rule 168 of the Rules of Procedure , the ALDE Group wishes to submit a request for a return to this committee .
strengthening democracy in this country must be one of the European Union &apos;s priorities in its neighbourhood policy .
now we can now speak of more antibiotics and increasing resistance to them , but the problem must be seen and assessed more thoroughly .
as a result , there has been a lack of legal clarity , which I regret very much .
in summary , today , Bosnia and Herzegovina urgently need to overcome the current political stalemate in order to really move towards the European Union .
in these circumstances we are building a terrorist threat .
in writing . - The UK Independence Party does not help in the ongoing process of developing and improving the network of existing international organ exchanges and improving the EU &apos;s attempts to intervene and regulate this network .
such a measure will help to eradicate poverty and allow older lives to live .
the US financial system , with its investment banks , hedge funds and structured products , which does not apply to normal banking supervision , and its numerous financial operations carried out on the basis of uniform business companies , which are not reflected in any particular balance , have practically collapsed .
( the President cut off the speaker )
it is very important that more voluntary partnership agreements be signed , their results will be closely monitored and that they will be properly taken into account in these conditions for the human rights of those who are dependent on forests but who cannot always speak about these forests .
perhaps these data on the whole of the EU makes it clear to the decision-makers that it is necessary to limit subsidies that go to one farm so that they will benefit more from farms than large companies .
in some countries , such as Portugal , Greece and Ireland , women and mothers will have a negative impact on saving measures for women , citizens and mothers .
author . - ( DE ) Mr President , anyone who has seen the African Great Lakes has seen poultry in the region may believe that it is a haven .
I think he made a very good comment on this .
I truly wish our Croatian friends every success in the rapid closure of these chapters and for them to secure their readiness to become part of the European Community in the referendum .
( it ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I have a number of additional conditions for this report , the first of all , as has been said a short time ago , concerns the provision that seems shocking , at a time when Europe is faced with the problem of wage premiums or the redundancy of millions of workers .
why can we not be more realistic in terms of the Structural Funds ?
the Member States should ratify and apply the ILO conventions that are now in place .
it was a matter of nuances : does the reminder of international law and condemnation of the violent modification of a neighbouring border are a sanction ?
&apos;Let stop Barroso - choose a new green agreement &apos; - this will be a slogan of future European Parliament elections , which is now more than ever before .
in the run-up to the campaign , the voters are asking us straight away from us where Europe is .
bilateral agreements cannot contain elements such as compensation for the principle of non-discrimination , and the deletion of data and the prohibition of data collection and information transfer .
Mr President , one of my first speeches in this House , 23 years ago , was about the proposal for a directive on the safety of toys .
in this way , in doing so , and given the assurances given in relation to so-called &apos; 2 + 4 &apos; agreements on the integrity and fairness of the agreements , the Union remained faithful to the values for which it stands , its values for peace , understanding between peoples and solidarity , particularly all the Germans in East and West Germany .
more than ever before , we need to avoid division between the Member States - we need to avoid the classification of the Member States as old and as new and big .
it is cheaper than a private matter because consumers are compensated much more quickly .
we know that it will create jobs and increase competitiveness .
Madam President , I voted in favour of this report because I believe that we need to look for innovative financing mechanisms in these times .
we need to be very cautious in replacing a weak but very competitive industry with a cartel based on market distribution and price provision , since in this case the end of what we are trying to rescue is even worse .
this report is advertising the free movement of researchers between Member States , national and private countries , companies , research centres and universities ; the increased representation of national and private sectors in the field of research ; full slavery of science by the market needs by the market , and research by scientific studies , recognising the previous experience as a community of corporations than official qualification .
the next item is the report by Mr Cramer , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the establishment of the requirements for the ecodesign requirements of energy-related products ( recast ) - C6-02007 / 2008 - .
in the resolution , there is no mention of the repression of workers , trade union members and centre-left forces in Turkey , and also of the Kurdish minority in Turkey .
although I acknowledge that the Member States must be obliged to finance research and development in the automotive sector in this area , I believe that industry itself should have appropriations and demonstrate an additional commitment to reduce the effects on climate change .
I believe that the relevant rules should have officials how they should guarantee both reliable financial management and good administration .
where are the remaining 60 % ?
in order to combat illegal immigration , we certainly need close cooperation .
fisheries agreements with third countries , particularly the EU &apos;s pelagic fleet , are of strategic importance and not only from the perspective of the fleet itself .
why ?
in 2006 , the Ombudsman carried out 582 investigations , the 315 of which were already under way in 2005 and nine of the Ombudsman &apos;s own initiative .
those who are responsible for the delay and who are those who advocate such an approach , which have set Europe in a highly precarious situation and , therefore , Europe is now in recession , are also part of your Committee , Mr Barroso , your Commission and the majority of your committees .
in writing . - UKIP voted against Amendments 1 to 29 , with the aim of restoring the Commission &apos;s initial plan to exclude self-employed drivers from the scope of the directive .
due to the domination of US films , which has occupied the huge market , Europe will have to invest more hard work in the world market in the world market , despite the fact that the quality of the US tears is much better .
the aim of the Commission is to give a level playing field at global level , both for the fishing industry and for the fishing sectors of other countries that produce the products we import .
I therefore support Mrs Lichtenberger &apos;s Amendment 38 , which strengthens the text of the Commission text on certain aspects .
we have maintained the same position , expecting significantly greater transparency .
however , I have already stated that the Commission believes that there will be an improvement in this , and what we want to achieve with Liechtenstein and other countries is absolutely clear .
( RO ) This report refers only to environmental issues , but it cannot or not only refer to environmental issues .
with regard to the amendments included in the proposal for a regulation of the Council , we must all remember that the discussions in the Council were very different .
the continuous representation of the citizens of the new Member States , including the Polish citizens , is particularly unacceptable and not only for the civil service in the European Union .
it is easy to imagine that it will lead to great chaos and order .
we are , however , trying to give everyone the word , until the President arrives - he has gone down a few moments ago and I am going to replace him here in this Chamber .
I would like to know whether the citizens of Slovenia , as well as those living in smaller Member States , can now receive appropriate help if they were to return to French consulates in these countries .
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection . - ( PL ) Madam President , the report we are debating today is a challenge to the collective agreements that have been made by the Posting of Workers Directive .
we should certainly stick to the positive view on the way in which the Turkish authorities have addressed freedom of religion , women &apos;s rights , trade union rights , reform of the justice system , radio and television , and the issues surrounding civil and military relations .
what we want is for the Commission to propose a reduction of subsidies for subsidies and to deal with the issue of direct payments more deeply .
I am particularly pleased to welcome the intention to carry out a major reform of the Canadian fishing governance system , which includes the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organisation .
it is not a question of whether or not a dialogue with Hamas is being considered , but how it is being considered and under what circumstances .
has the proposal to set up a permanent coordination unit in some central place , which will help to coordinate action in relation to natural disasters affecting the whole of the Union ?
I agree with one of the Serbian political parties that , in addition to the traditional diseases which Africa has to combat , such as malaria , tuberculosis and AIDS , it is currently the most dangerous illness that must be combated as a matter of urgency to combat .
your work is to coordinate the Member States in areas where the European Commission and the Union do not have competence .
therefore , as a member of this Parliament , I have the right to vote in favour of this report .
flag states &apos; compliance is an attempt to broaden the EU &apos;s competence in a region which is already in place by UN regulations .
the true face of this practice will be made clear because of the obvious contradictions in which the alleged protection of human rights is taking place , in order to intervene in countries where their own interests are in , and the steel and support of the allies , in particular the United States .
the United States is driving Airbus to the advantage of large subsidies and favourable loans from the governments of EU Member States .
we are therefore making efforts to improve them .
some have been released , others have left the country .
we must also ensure that the Member States show more joint responsibility for the benefits of both the Stability and Growth Pact and its commitments .
the availability of Europeana should be improved , ensuring free access for students , universities and other educational institutions to students , students and teachers .
in recent days , you have been sending out the word on the message : &apos; think , &apos; made in the House of Commons &apos; , and I have a majority of support &apos; .
the decisions made in recent days , which will push us out of the crucial tightening of budgetary policy and the Commission will basically have a mandate in the process of doing so , is contrary to each of the last social projects .
that is why I congratulate Mrs Napoletano on the need for a proper balance between these two demands and for balanced solutions which strengthen the role of the Ombudsman as a moral authority , and improve the transparency of the Community institutions , the right of each European citizen to sound governance and good administration .
with regard to the creation of a new website and the creation of local television stations , the Commission is working on the creation of radio and television operators that will carry out programmes on European issues .
most importantly , I think it is very important to see what can be for the concrete results from the point of view of Cancún .
these will be able to take into account the different production interests and will be able to interpret Community interests in different ways .
finally , I would like , of course , to thank all the shadow rapporteurs for their comments and their help in drawing up this report .
it is acceptable for the Commission that Amendments 3 , 12 , 14 , 18 , 23 , 22 , 38 , 45 , 46 , 49 , 64 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 , 67 ,
our industry cannot and must not fall victim to a strong European currency .
this work is done in households , but also of childcare and care for elderly people , this includes the Europe 2020 strategy , which accounts for between 75 % and more of all employment in the EU .
on behalf of the GUE / NGL Group . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I appreciated the readiness of the Commission and the Council to quickly reach an interinstitutional political agreement in the light of these new ones , which we will experience over the coming months .
the debate is closed .
the airlines are saying the same thing .
the aim is to make the global banana market more predictable and stable and therefore encourage investment and growth in the sector and to put an end to the conflict that has lasted for decades , resulting in the complaints made against the EU in relation to the amendment of customs duties on bananas in 2006 .
with regard to the strategy , progress will be made with concrete measures for the EU to interact with numerous local organisations ; which will combine the area with a physical share of the rest of the continent , where the Danube is vital , and which will strengthen the Neighbourhood Policy for the Black Sea region , as recommended in the amendments proposed by my group .
perhaps part of the people thought that Parliament would be more responsive after the elections in June or that the demands of Parliament were more open to openness and transparency rather than a real warning change .
NGOs have submitted complaints about the creation of illegal and classified databases for the preservation of the personal data of racial and ethnic origin and have said they will turn to the relevant authorities .
business considerations were set first .
among other things , we need to debate the review of the second budget review , that is , flexibility .
11 .
I have to say that this visit will take place in favourable circumstances .
I repeat : it is an intergovernmental mechanism designed in Ecofin , which requires unanimity .
the latter was the Kyoto Protocol and the continuation of the Kyoto Protocol .
I therefore urge the authorities in Bosnia and Herzegovina to implement the reforms consistently and transparently in order to guarantee rapid integration of the EU .
this is another example of the way in which EU politicians and officials are getting worse in the face of any topic and every selected details of their encouragement to mobilise political forces here .
why has the European Union made criminal activity involving more than 20 million Europeans ?
I believe I will draw the right conclusions .
when things happen , they will allow us to notice the cohesion of the state and of community , which can only feed the hope of overall solidarity and peace , including in the form of peace that we have in Europe .
in writing . - ( RO ) I would like to refer to some points of the Common Foreign and Security Policy ( CFSP ) 2008 on the main aspects of the Western Atlantic Strategy .
citizens &apos; rights and parliaments are being strengthened , as well as strengthening the capacity of the European Union and the institutions , and we , the three institutions , will have rights which will make it easier for us to represent our continent in the world .
as I mentioned earlier , it covers everything from medicinal products , car parts and companies &apos; products to illegal downloading .
however , with regard to Ireland and its level of investment , I am rather optimistic .
according to the analysis of the Commission &apos;s legal service , this resolution does not alter the evolution of this area or the assessments of the infringement procedure .
in order for the countries of the EU &apos;s neighbouring countries and the countries of the Caucasus to build a democratic society that is responsible for the rule of law and a functioning economy , their citizens must be able to adapt swiftly to the EU &apos;s procedures in order to benefit from our experience in this area .
in my view , it is highly promising that the Ombudsman works on several different levels : it is not just about the handling of complaints , which is the main part of his work , but also the way in which resolutions or solutions will be achieved .
the report by Mr Tremopoulos is complementary to the Commission communication on the European Transparency Initiative , which sets out the proposals for the disclosure of data on recipients of the beneficiaries and the promotion of joint management and partnerships .
the Member States - and many of the Member States already carry out the arrangements for the Court of Strasbourg - will probably not have any additional costs in addition to those already borne in this area .
we are calling on the Burmese authorities to release the immediate release of Aung San Suu Kyi , the intimidation of the protesters and the convening of a representative country , which includes the International League for Democracy too .
I agree that illegal production and sale of firearms , their components and munitions are detrimental to the security of all residents of the EU .
as Mr Feio has just said , the text is really improved , and I think that when public debate works , we will do our work , and the citizens can be informed of what is happening in Brussels .
in the absence of European legislation , the Member States have the freedom to produce their own rules .
the supervisory authority does not approve of this small government budget without the planned staff needs , which is included in the detailed budget .
explanations of vote
( SK ) Madam President , the threshold of the financial crisis has been criticised by the threshold of the safety of financial products , but of ratings for ratings in the credit rating agencies .
the history of European history is to see what this type of thing will happen when the press control and information is not allowed to spread freely .
in writing . - ( ET ) According to tax fraud and tax evasion , it is estimated that EUR 200 billion of euros will be lost each year - a money that will be plundered by the taxpayers of the world and the most deprived of the people in developing countries .
why should we not do that ?
Madam President , in the south and Central America barely ever more power is being taken away from a driver - a certain type of neo-colonialism .
this dossier requires our joint attention to allow these improvements to be introduced without further delay .
the Commission also established an EU inspection laboratory for diseases , which will be supported annually in order to guarantee the coordination between national national laboratories in order to provide scientific support to the Commission .
the rapporteur - whom I would like to express my sympathy with the death of my father - underlines that immigration for highly qualified work is not a long-term solution to economic and demographic challenges , given that economic immigration largely affects labour market markets in the Member States .
in the area of women &apos;s rights , religious freedom and the abuse of criminal offenders , the standards need to be pursued in the whole of Turkey , Madam President .
everything is against discrimination .
the &apos; Youth in Action &apos; programme is a tool which will help to involve our children in constructive activities , with which they can develop the spirit of governance , solidarity and tolerance .
the same also applies to all EU Member States , although depending on the country there are specific differences .
the European Parliament will exercise the same rights as regards access to legal and budgetary documents in accordance with the principles of access to legal and budgetary documents .
the standards must be defined in a way that excludes all sorts of translations .
so far the opportunities to define the tasks have not been used more closely and it is very important to come back to this .
it may be said that the time has come for Europe to think about the face of the symbols of Europe too quickly and in crisis , which is why the European Parliament does not have time to spend time .
and thirdly , Croatia urgently needs to improve the management of EU financial assistance for the management of the EU financial assistance provided by the PHARE and IPA programmes as a matter of urgency .
the industry does not have a future future if we do not believe in scientific and technical development .
the aim of the Convention is to implement Article 21 of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Rights of the United Nations , establishing protection measures to ensure that transnational adoptions is carried out according to the best interests of the child and respecting the fundamental rights of the child .
support your position publicly , President of the Commission .
however , only seven tuna licences were given .
despite the worsening situation , particularly in Egypt and in Israel , and the fact that we must base such values on the basis of EU foreign policy is to find it hard to find references to the Commission &apos;s proposals on human rights .
the Member States should recognise and support the need for a balanced mass media market , and they should also commit themselves , both separately and together , to ensure that European citizens receive accurate and varied information .
at the meeting of the Commission , at the meeting of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , announced on 19 April that the Commission is preparing to revise the regulation in order to improve this regulation .
Prime Minister Erdoğan has promised that 2008 will be a year of reforms and we are calling for it to stick to its commitment .
a much more balanced and consistent solution would ultimately have given the population of Kosovo an opportunity to enjoy the fruits of European Union membership .
firstly , he decided that &apos; equal pay is equal to pension rights , equal leave &apos; and so on .
the first difference is that we are trying to draw up cooperation between the Governing Board and the Committee on Budgets ; we are dealing with this pilot project , but it should be in line with the general principles of the general budgetary procedure , which will apply in addition to the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon .
however , I had to vote against today .
there was no democracy in that country , but a small group of people whose experience came from the old state apparatus and security forces .
fifthly , the use of scientific efforts requires effective management and protection of intellectual property , as well as the effective dissemination of scientific and technological innovation .
in the years 2007-2013 , we will invest a little over EUR 1.2 billion in Northern Ireland .
in this regard , we support these reports on the macroeconomic component of the budgetary frameworks and the economic governance package .
what is good for Europe is also good for all Member States and their citizens .
we have heard the statement of the Chair of the European Parliament today and , according to my information , all the parties were supported by Parliament .
we will not allow them to help them , but we have carried out what our responsibility was .
at sea , it is important for the sea , the sea is governed by climate , it gives food , energy and other resources ; in the 21st century , the trading of the sea is changing .
I am still concerned about the question of whether our businesses really can have access to the Indian market .
if we want to find a good solution , we now have to let ourselves be guided by common sense and a situation which is constantly changing and the economic forecasts will certainly get worse .
2. Amendment 2 and 4 of this report would require an evaluation of the Commission &apos;s evaluation of the provision of new cross-border solidarity in the area of responsibility .
we therefore propose that we postpone the discharge for the Police College .
over the last 14 years , this support has been paid at a very early stage , as soon as the documents were submitted to the Commission or to the Agriculture Ministry of Ireland .
economic , social and political interdependence should encourage the authorities in both countries to develop constant dialogue and cooperation .
the screening process was concluded by a year later , in October 2006 , and all of the 33 screening reports have been submitted to the Council .
the current European Union budget is still too rigid ; its recent examples are the negotiations on the food facility and the European economic recovery plan , particularly in the current environment .
let us hope that the latest proposals from the Minsk Group will help to overcome these gaps .
today , the United States is strongly supported by the United States of the world , so that the world can be free of terrorism .
other colleagues are dealing with payments or passengers .
I voted in favour of this own-initiative report because I believe that all kinds of violence should be applied to social and legal penalties .
it would be essential for Europe &apos;s security to have begun cooperation in November 2003 on crisis management , particularly in the area of frozen conflicts .
the Member States - like France and some others - who will keep temporary measures for accessing Bulgarians and Romanians to access their own markets , will penalise the Roma in particular and to remove these measures as quickly as possible to remove the political goodwill of it as soon as possible .
I also support the proposal to develop measures aimed at young people within the framework of the economic and financial crisis as part of the recovery plan and to ensure better integration of young people into the labour market .
this directive will simplify the legislation , replaces a number of old directives and will also set the maximum permitted level in the air .
it does not need to be constantly revised in this case and , in particular , in view of the fact that now the Treaty of Lisbon has changed , we do not know what will be the number of Members of the next Parliament in 2009 and whether we can change this article .
it represents a serious threat to the environment and to human health .
the loss of agricultural production for the production of biofuels has already doubled food prices in the world , so millions of people are starving , while greedy large companies will earn even more profit .
I agree with President Barroso that spending must be kept in check .
can the Commission say whether and how does it intend to take urgent and effective measures to ensure the rapid availability of Internet access to all citizens , which , given the current high level of prices in prices , is not guaranteed at all ?
by setting up this type of agreement with the regions of the world and countries , the EU is gradually trying to promote the liberalisation of international trade while continuing negotiations within the WTO .
it is this mechanism that will contribute to the emergence of speculation bubbles .
Madam Vice-President , the provision in the Treaty of Lisbon on the citizens &apos; initiative is undoubtedly important in European integration .
we know that , in addition to new technologies , the reform concerns changes in relation to maximum transport time , as has been said here , and about the maximum and minimal temperature of animals .
we can control emissions , but not those of them .
we are on the brink of the abyss , and in a couple of days &apos; time , the Heads of State or Government will propose that we take a major step forward .
five multinational companies control more than 80 % of international trade in bananas .
is it possible to agree on the protection clauses for the protection of mothers and for the sharing of professional and family life in the private sector ?
it is true that this threat is one of the massive immigration policy you have put forward and which you want to tighten , the consequences .
- Report : Reul
the same also applies to relations with China , especially since today 10 March , or the date in which the Tibetans were brutally repressed , was killed by the famous Tibetans against the country &apos;s occupation by the People &apos;s Republic of China .
the report is , above all , characterised by the fact that it clearly outlines the role of the traditional energy mix , emphasises the need to make use of new technologies more and more efficiently in order to achieve the aim of the European Union &apos;s energy security , in line with the objectives of sustainable development and combat climate change .
together with the recent attacks by the German forces of the United States , the European Union and NATO on the Horn of Afghanistan on 4 September 2009 , the massacres were turned into a massacre , resulting in the number of victims from 135 killed and tens of injured civilians , including many children , and these are war crimes against the Afghan people .
you know , Mr Weber , Mr Weber , I naturally listened to your arguments , but I really must say that , for God &apos;s sake , they are buildings .
I am interested in what you have done together with my colleagues in other countries , for example , at the ICAO level , so that this list becomes a reality .
the Council will also look carefully at all Parliament &apos;s views in order for the legislative proposals finally to be reviewed and adopted within the ordinary legislative procedure .
I am convinced that the best way to tackle the proliferation of nuclear weapons would be to give up nuclear energy once and for all , since its use for civil purposes is a threat to itself , and it cannot be firmly ruled out that the production of nuclear power generation is not used for military purposes .
now we can be sure that cheap money is easily accessible without stable growth .
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution , which the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Conservatives and Reformists have tabled on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement , which is known as the name ACTA .
unlike Parliament , the Member States did not consider focusing on compliance with the Commission &apos;s proposals on the control of the DCI .
I cannot imagine a situation in which sheep farmers have completely disappeared from mountain farms : they are simply part of this landscape .
having said that , I believe that the issues covered by Mr Audy and Mrs Saïfi , which I will focus on in other speeches - are all worth mentioning .
emphasis should be placed on the decentralisation of the public sector and the expansion of transport networks .
if the EU body confirms that they do not do anything , it will be easy to think what their actual intentions are .
although assessing the impact of the financial crisis remains difficult , as Mr Romeva i Rueda confirmed , it was absolutely clear to all of us that this period had an extremely serious impact on women .
written statements ( Rule 149 )
all of these groups and the parts that make up the Iranian society will turn to dialogue and help in search of Europe and the European Union .
we know very well that the application of these rights is a prerequisite for the EU &apos;s membership of the European Union .
the convention will also amend other conventions in the sector , specifically those relating to the minimum number of age , the protection of fishermen , fishermen &apos;s own statutes and the conditions for the fishing of members of the family .
we have already been working together , for example , on access to helicopters , and we have now defined construction blocks on the identity and medical support of the building blocks .
this was caused by the complex rules and regulations that the Member States must respect .
( PL ) Madam President , it is good that today &apos;s debate on the evaluation of the Schengen acquis is taking place at the same time as the European Parliament is starting to have a major debate on the Stockholm Programme .
in writing . - ( PT ) This report deals with the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council on the implementation of certain rules to public support for the export of export credits .
in other words , this will mean more jobs , but also addressing the grey economy .
his regime is responsible for thousands of innocent civilians .
I believe that the European Union &apos;s External Action Service , which has been set up recently , must respond to this situation and to work more closely with third countries involved in resolving this situation .
on the Commission &apos;s buildings and services , we should use renewable energy sources as much as possible because mainly the Commission &apos;s emissions are produced from the buildings .
such balanced laws will help us to achieve the approval of the citizens of the European Union .
in writing . - I voted in favour .
the frightening of the demographic crisis should mobilise us to take immediate action to improve the situation of women on our continent .
the agricultural sector is falling , especially in the new Member States .
in most cases , the collection of the relevant data does not impose any additional burden on respondents , since the Member States concerned should be able to use the data of existing data ( such as customs documents ) for the collection of data .
I have received one motion for a resolution tabled by the Committee on Women &apos;s Rights and Gender Equality on the basis of Rule 115 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
the free designation of prices is the basis of freedom and democracy , and all attempts to limit it to that end .
you can speak briefly .
we only need to think of the adverse effects of illegal logging and deforestation , especially the way in which they contribute to the greenhouse effect .
women are still , unfortunately , at a disadvantage , all of which are , in public , to see the lack of access to posts in which political or economic decisions are taken .
in this context , it is worth recalling the repeated confirmation by the Council that , in line with the negotiation framework and the accession partnership , efforts must be continued on the basis of good neighbourly relations - in particular , work needs to be done in order to find solutions to the bilateral issues created by neighbouring countries , in particular border issues .
the European Court of Auditors contains a detailed study on the financial management of the 10th European Development Fund ( EDF ) and not only in its annual accounts , but also in very many specific reports , and worked very well and worthwhile .
as far as broader solutions are concerned , it is important that we can rely on the clear agreements that we have with ourselves , if we are implemented in the same theatre .
it seems that yes .
however , this substance represents a whole group of around 100 different substances .
sacred cows will have to be sacrificed , including those that are relocating over longer and more heavy vehicles , or , for example , in the number of journeys in the European Union , the sacrosanct cow and so on and so on .
in addition , the proposed directive lays down a system for a single , simplified application procedure for residence and work .
the Arctic is also an exceptional opportunity for transnational cooperation .
we have sufficient information exchange with Russia in specific areas .
nine out of the European Union on 1 May 2004 border controls were abolished on 21 December .
then , once again , they appear in the arena for the reconstruction of the 20th century who brought the misery and misery to our continent .
advertising loans are advertising : if the advertising of advertising is a figure , it is imperative to offer the same type of information containing important information on the whole of the European Union .
I also regret the fact that the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia was not invited to NATO .
it was also introduced , among other things , for the use of pet passports to move from one Member State to another from one Member State to another .
the roads of some of the countries of the Baltic Sea region are in a rather poor situation due to the climatic conditions and sometimes of the weak policies .
look , there is a paradox here .
that , too , is one of the reasons why we must now have a particularly strict security requirements .
rapporteur . - Mr President , this report is part of the simplification of company law .
it is completely neglected , the most affected by ordinary people in the Czech Republic and in Europe .
the chapters will come to the end of Turkey and the accession process is threatening to run .
capital controls have a major impact on EU trade policy .
at the same time , I drew the attention of the competent authorities of France and the European Union to the fact that the criteria under which the Member States allocate subsidies are not sufficiently transparent .
we should pay tribute for this .
we are trying to find a intelligent compromise .
on the Treaty of Rome , he wrote that he did not ask myself whether the agreement could have been better because it responded to everything that was possible at the time and responded to the experience of it .
the measures taken by the Spanish Government and by the Spanish Government and of the Netherlands have facilitated the European Maritime Safety Agency and the services of the European Maritime Safety Agency , which gave the Spanish authorities the 11 satellite pictures and the two cases in the evaluation report , and Mr Barrot has just now mentioned the reaction of the Commission - so I am not going to repeat it .
therefore , the prospect of further sanctions seems unavoidable or even desirable .
we would prefer very specific legislation in this area so that we can help the people with rare diseases in an optimal manner .
( DE ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the protection of seafarers is a sincere concern for all of us , but I would , however , have liked to ask for the question of how we can do this best .
it requires a multidimensional approach , including employment measures enabling parents to find their work , the development of tax corporations and the guarantee of basic services such as living , high quality childcare and education and the protection of children &apos;s rights .
it is a question of honest elections in a European country and cannot be a party political question .
however , we have to admit that the European Parliament still has a great deal of work to do , because there are issues which have been outlined in the Dess report only overall , since the opinions of the Members of this House were divided or were completely out of the opposite .
Madam President , in my opinion , freedom of the press in the country can only be properly assessed given the background of each aspect of this issue .
as the maximum rate of advertising is 20 % hour , the time of two advertising cycles is now 30 minutes , although we wanted to maintain 45 minutes for the European elite .
7 .
given the importance of access to raw materials , the Commission welcomes the debate on this topic in Parliament .
( loud applause )
what is really happening is the fact that the Member States and the regions that do not produce the surplus of the surplus must not suffer an absolutely moral burden due to its reform .
on behalf of the EFD Group . - Madam President , I would like to thank Mrs Merkies for all his efforts and his cooperation at a time when the report was negotiated .
the European Qualifications Framework ( EQF ) should be put in place by the ruling ruling without imposing restrictions , focusing on increasing the transparency of qualifications and adopting a decentralised approach , which reflects the increasing complexity of European qualifications .
however , many people have disappeared .
it is really good that we have a rapporteur who is telling us - it is a visit to the Member States , and this is also demonstrated by the conclusions of the report .
the &apos; Europe for Citizens &apos; programme has been an important step in the last few years to bring Europe closer to its citizens : in the past , Europe has been regarded as far too often , a bureaucratic entity that has been cut off the daily lives of its citizens .
finally , I would also like to emphasise the importance of full transparency on the basis of the initiative and the financial contribution of the organisers .
the proposed emissions trading scheme should apply to all flights , including those from third countries , for reasons relating to competition for competition , from a common start .
we only want to help Europe by ensuring that it operates on the basis of reasonable common rules , when a government , a city or a regional entity needs to do so .
the logic is that the programmes are mature .
the Committee on the Environment also wants to see the certification of sustainable biogas .
work on violence against women is ongoing , but at the same time there are countries in the EU , including Poland , where in the case of women it is unfortunately possible to exploit violence against women in the field of sexual and reproductive health .
in my view , these statements are not fair or appropriate .
however , as the report has been adopted , I managed to push for the reduction of the external trade preferences until the entry into force of these measures .
we are not in danger of doing this , but we have a choice .
the ideal for equality should be achieved through concrete and sustainable measures , particularly in the area of education .
texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
partly as a member of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and , partly as a member of the Committee on Budgets , who is , like the two faces , I would like to speak a little more specifically on Ms Guy-Quint &apos;s report on the new budgetary system and the impact of the Treaty of Lisbon on these new systems .
( FR ) Madam President , President Barroso , President-in-Office of the Council , first of all , I would like to say that the objectives of the 2020 strategy are all agreed .
ladies and gentlemen , in my political career I have often thought that the effects of supervision are often just as important as the impact of the statement .
for example , the price of the transport fuel rose , on average , at 12 % , while the average inflation rate rose by 3.1 % .
secondly , I would like to say from my point of view , but as a representative of the political forces that threaten traditional organisations - which Mr Schulz was also prepared to admit - which I am grateful to him - to invite our Parliament and you , Mr President , to act in moderation and to set certain voluntary boundaries to our respective powers .
in this case , the President-in-Office of the Council should take into account the legitimate interests of each Member State .
the Commission will continue to put pressure on the Italian Government to put an end to the crisis and does not intend to put an end to the proceedings against Italy .
opening of the sitting
the low value , the lack of support for agricultural subsidies and difficulties in obtaining agricultural loans did not allow agricultural technologies to be used in the design , which makes it very low .
the EGF &apos;s help is necessary for helping the unemployed and those affected by relocations caused by globalisation .
we , the European Union , will benefit , if Kosovo becomes a viable country .
are we willing and able to act ?
Mrs De Vits &apos;s report - and I would like to congratulate the work of her and of the shadow rapporteurs - is an important step in contributing to this debate .
the members of the Commission and of the Council would be very good if the Spring European Council , at tomorrow , will agree on a coherent approach .
although it is regrettable that 14 Member States had to receive reasonable opinions , I am at least happy that the Commission is actively initiating infringement proceedings , because at this time we have a full gap between the requirements of the acquis and , indeed , what is happening .
( FR ) Madam President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , first of all , I would like to congratulate Mr Bushill-Matthews , who , as the representative of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , gave us an excellent lesson of democracy .
the most important deficit in this area has been watered down together with the tens of warships from Finland in the wake of the sea battle of August 1989 , the recognition of which fact took place only 10 days ago by the Russian Ambassador , Andrei King .
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance on the basis of Article 150 of the Rules of Procedure .
this is our political programme for 2008 .
the content of the Charter has not changed since 2004 .
on the subject of human rights : numerous and often cruel executions in Iran are a constant sore point for us .
does the Court of Justice agree with this result ?
in particular , it will lead to greater use of legal procedures involving approximately 95 % of the legislation that is adopted .
it would be a fatal mistake - which has been done with some energy policy decisions - to give real investors , i.e. companies too little room for manoeuvre and too little support .
if this proposal had gone through , the REACH GHS would not have been complementary .
I have also noticed that the aim is more and less tobacco and not smoking .
finally , an important tool for environmental policy should be used to draw up cooperation between regions .
what does the Commission intend to do in this regard ?
these values urge us to protect them through the common foreign and security policy .
to date , certain indicators and the Treaty of Maastricht - the period of implementation of the Treaty of Lisbon - have demonstrated that it is possible .
the crisis in the dairy sector has clearly shown that the CMO still requires resources , particularly the quota mechanisms in order to address market imbalances issues .
the Ombudsman is not , nor can it be , and soon , no democracy for the EU .
from the point of view of budgetary and financial responsibility , it is at least as important to define budgetary principles and financial rules and to respect them .
nuclear power plants produce over 30 % of European electricity and nuclear energy has advantages which cannot be denied , irrespective of the political views we have in .
I voted in favour of this report because it includes guidelines for improving youth education and reducing unemployment .
in fact , the definition of family law is not our job ; it is one of the competences of the Member States .
the new name is &apos; financial instrument for cooperation between the Middle East , Asia , North and South America and South Africa &apos; .
there can be much to do in terms of self-regulation , but clearly , without considering binding legal instruments , can combat exploitation of exploitation that is not only individuals but often also criminal organisations .
the effects of these inequalities can be seen very clearly when compared to the countries that are of the highest disparities , such as the countries of Eastern and Western Europe .
what is more , and this is something that has not been taken into account - it will be necessary to introduce strict conditions in the event of dividends and bonuses in this transition period .
we are the guardian of the Treaty and we will ensure that the agreement is complied with .
the resolution on this topic cannot focus on the question of nuclear safety without tackling the most important issue of nuclear safety , which is the abandonment of nuclear power .
on behalf of the IND / DEM Group . - ( DA ) Madam President , I would like to thank the Committee on Legal Affairs and the rapporteur for the mistaken report on soft law - the word I am afraid - which fortunately does not exist in your language .
our reports are dealing with the previous period .
poverty and the European Union .
if necessary , they should offer capital support for the financial institutions at risk .
in the case of distortions , we can have different opinions - if they exist .
in February , the United Kingdom announced its strategy for combating dementia in its own form of dementia , which will provide investment in the network of mountain sites , will improve support for people suffering from the disease and will trigger public awareness of big campaigns .
it is a sign of both a failure and a tyranny : the failure to face major political , economic and social problems ; the tyranny of tyranny on the individual .
14 .
it is for the sake of its history that it will have to shoulder its responsibilities on this front .
you are talking about measuring the social impact of the European Union &apos;s policies .
the creation of requirements for the transportation of animals means that we will not only protect animals , but , above all , it means caring for people &apos;s safety and health .
in my view , a turning out of this profession will not protect us .
on the contrary , consideration must be given to medium- and long-term solutions and to evaluate the reasons why the market does not work properly , including the ways in which the best sustainable production is maintained and not forgetting of the right of consumers to a fair price .
in writing . - ( DE ) I voted in favour of the report on the names and labelling of textile products .
there was a failure , among other things , for the financing of developing countries on the question of the financing of the developing countries because those who took their responsibilities were too little .
however , we understand its usefulness in reducing the fragmentation of research and combining the critical mass of skills , knowledge and financial resources .
I support the demands made to the Turkish Government in pursuing the reforms of state social policies in order to improve social dialogue in the labour market , and also in relation to the increase in efforts in the area of women &apos;s rights and gender equality , particularly with regard to gender violence .
we must now begin negotiations on the Union for the protection of the Arctic , as was the case with the Antarctic .
I therefore welcome the abolition of customs barriers - however temporary it may - and I am confident that , with this transition period , we will be able to evaluate the process proposed by the Commission .
the GUE / NGL Group cannot support this directive .
some critical remarks are difficult to explain to the citizens of the Czech Republic who have been waiting for a visa waiver programme for years .
ladies and gentlemen , the right of asylum is a fundamental human right .
this House has always condemned violence and terrorism and has advocated political solutions .
how are you going to have the dialogue now ?
only the voters have the right .
is it the case that Parliament is asking the budget to be brought closer to its citizens ?
that said , I would also like to make it clear that I still have doubts about Article 20 .
my group therefore supports and support this directive because it will achieve a decisive step forward in the European Parliament , which will have a positive impact on the life of the people of Europe .
the first is the contribution of EU bodies and institutions to small and medium-sized enterprises , in this case , in the context of protecting misleading commercial practices , and the second is protecting competition by preventing widespread competition , which includes misleading and comparative advertising .
the relevant committees should meet together with the aim of exchanging views on &#91; ... &#93; opinions and more clearly defined by a majority and a minority in the committees .
( HU ) We have noted in recent times that public opinion is following this issue with particular attention and , in particular , these issues , which we are discussing , which means abandoning the opt-out and on-call time .
we all have the right to avoid tobacco smoke in their workplace , just like children are not entitled to be in the hands of a toy in the hands of tobacco smoke .
however , this must be done through the help of a community and a debate in each of the Member States in order to make it an evaluation of the equal value of all the people in a new generation .
firstly , let us promote the creation of green jobs , in other words , the opportunity to support more businesses that create green jobs and pay for young people , whether in the agricultural sector , in the production or in the transport sector .
first of all , I have already said that we need to work with other international partners in this area ; it is also one of the reasons why Belarus should continue to respect the principle of multilateralism , and why we need to act together with the countries involved in the Eastern Partnership to find a consensus on this issue .
in this sense , this compromise is a good one .
I think that this debate is important and I acknowledge that there are certain very important approaches that should be pursued .
there was a separate question on the coordinated response .
how can we be sure that these private companies do not operate in a monopoly or an oligopoly or do not establish prices which are not consumers , at this point in time to pupils , acceptable and , ultimately , will also give the least high-quality education ?
in this sense , the Commission &apos;s recommendation laying down minimum requirements for environmental inspections in the Member States , at the time of its adoption , was a major step forward in 2001 .
( DE ) Mr President , I would like to express my heartfelt condolences to all those who are afraid of family members or friends .
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to the rapporteur , Mrs Roth-Behrendt , and to his two shadow rapporteurs , Mrs Sartori , and Mrs França for their constructive and intensive cooperation , which helped us to reach an agreement at first reading .
cloned animals are often physical injury or ill , and the majority of them are not even alive .
the Lisbon outcome follows the approach I support , but I do not think that the causes of change will contribute to the future of Europe .
the Member States must improve the adequacy of pensions in order to combat gender discrimination in the labour market , particularly by reducing the differences in income by 2020 .
you are using us as much as possible because we are going to draw up the report on the future common foreign and security policy , and the exceptionally fruitful action in 2011 will give us the opportunity to put our own house in order .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
the real danger will not have been kept in good order for the nuclear reactors , but for the wrong nuclear reactors under the wrong political control .
we - Europeans , countries and Parliament - have been asked to address this problem and we , ladies and gentlemen , have not been asked for help , not only over the last few years but also for a very long time .
these two banks have this huge amount of money to put in credit and therefore their work must be carried out according to clear criteria and principles .
Mr Vigenin , could you answer this question ?
however , we need to understand that certain measures have to be taken , and that the coordination of our political and economic activity and the coordination of the standard of fundamental rights is not balanced .
its potential is much higher .
in Sri Lanka , however , I visited the delegation .
we must not forget at this point that , depending on the attitude of society , strong Europe can also seize power .
during this debate , Mr Schulz expressed the view that I should inform the European Parliament .
the Commission therefore needs to react now .
in addition , I wish to support our group &apos;s call to release the imprisoned journalists unconditionally and to complement the right of Azerbaijan to carry out the right of Azerbaijan .
this is the first time to stand up to the Members of Parliament before the Presidency of the Council , and , on behalf of the Swedish Presidency , the Council , I want to congratulate you , Mr President .
( SL ) Madam President , when a revolution is going to be carried out on the streets of Cairo at the moment , the Egyptian people will elect a political system and their leaders .
I myself talked about Europe &apos;s need to fulfil its responsibilities , so that we can remain credible .
I believe , however , that the agreement will be beneficial and we will adopt it without any problems tomorrow .
I would like to know whether you believe that , given the disaster in the Gulf of Mexico , it is precisely the ones that we need , of which we need .
we therefore call on the Member States to take part in this initiative and provide sufficient human resources and financial resources .
these include nearly 50 countries in which citizens suffer from the consequences of the successive failures of the adoption of the recommendations adopted by UN conferences after each another .
the objectives set out in the Treaty are undoubtedly important , therefore .
this is another important cause for support for the report .
the people of Europe deserve nothing less !
we are calling for a new Europe , a Europe of sovereign states which will establish a special relationship with Russia .
often , things go .
will the European Commission , in the light of the resolution of 13 March 2007 in the context of 13 March 2007 , intend to find a global approach which takes into account not only the interests of users but also of the interests of the users of the user and the creative industries ?
if the region presents a coherent waste plan , the European Union will authorise the use of funds .
it is also very important to ensure full transparency in the implementation of the rapid funding and the strong political will associated with it .
he always allows that , if he wins the general elections , he will organise a referendum if all 27 Member States have not yet ratified it .
the resolution provides a very good overview of the dynamic of the opportunities for the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia .
this is why we will hold a demographic conference in which non-governmental organisations are involved and the informal meeting of family issues is taking place .
( DA ) Madam President , I voted against the budget report , but I would like to thank a number of my fellow Members - who are , unfortunately , too many - who voted for this report because it gave a wonderful overview of the reality of what lies in the European Parliament and in the institutions of the European Union , compared to the outside world , where the people living for whom we are actually creating these regulations .
that is why the Committee on the Environment had wanted it to have been considered a timetable , because it would allow a thorough debate on this topic and Parliament &apos;s statement .
firstly , it concerns the content and , secondly , the procedure , and I will repeat some of the things that have already been expressed very well by all the groups .
in writing . - ( PT ) I am in favour of postponing the decision approving the implementation of the EU general budget for the sake of transparency and rigour , not only for the sake of the budget , but also for the full supervision of the whole of the EU &apos;s financial resources .
therefore , when I had to make a choice in the report on novel foods , I had originally chosen food safety , consumer welfare , the environment and animal welfare .
it can make concessions to users who open up new airlines &#91; ... &#93; in accordance with EU competition law &#91; ... &#93; &apos; .
we are all aware of the progressive decline of investment products .
many women continue to be concentrated in a limited range of professions , work part-time or poorly paid work or those employed in which their skills and contributions will be underestimated .
we were told that the European Arrest Warrant will help to combat terrorism and we all know that it has become more than that .
tourism offers significant opportunities for social and economic development , as well as for social and territorial cohesion .
the recent commitment by the Commission and the Member States to allocate almost EUR 500 million is a major and important step in this direction , and we should all support it .
they say that each generation faces new challenges .
it is regrettable that the resolution did not win the voice of this House , as the opinion of the Socialists supported the interests of European citizens .
in essence , it is vital that Europe does not forget or pay its back to all those women who do not enjoy the future of freedom and hope .
the obvious aim of this destruction was to remove all the evidence that the population of that city will be Christian from the people of Greece .
for some reason we have witnessed a wave of unprecedented overall strikes across Europe .
I also approve of the idea that the implementation of the directive can increase the amount of waste and the transfer of waste , particularly with regard to the collection of the collection rate , the responsibility for achieving the objectives of the collection and the responsibility of consumers .
patients must have complete confidence that the medicines they consume are really the ones they require .
of course , we need two different dossiers so that we can quickly take any emergency measures and we could be sure that there will be enough time for a thorough review .
in addition , you have also created a budget line , which will also have created a budget line in order to encourage the Member States to establish such mechanisms or at least have the links between the kidnappings to deal with attitudes .
the European Commission is saying in its communication on the new social agenda : &apos; the Commission also calls on all Member States to set an example by ratifying and implementing the ILO conventions that the ILO has recognised to modernise . &apos;
it is important that the damage given to sanctions would be to the most small population in countries whose sanctions are applied to political regions .
in writing . - ( PT ) European consumer policy is a key element in the consolidation of the internal market .
we also think that the whole proposal should be approved on the basis of codecision on the basis of Article 194 of the Treaty .
the reference to the fact that this must be regulated at global level is familiar with the climate debate .
I am not surprised that ordinary , decent Irish citizens are in the mess because they have strange temporary diplomatic allies - Mrs McAvan and Mr Farage .
action taken on Parliament &apos;s positions and resolutions : see Minutes
on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group . - Mr President , I hope that , during the debate , we ask for an impartial study into these mass graves , to protect these areas and to put an end to the harassment of those who carry out investigations .
the measures adopted by the EU in the short , medium and medium term will clearly lead the Union to economic union .
the members of the June List will defend a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty in Sweden .
together with the social partners , because we believe that this , too , the idea of working with the social partners is part of our European model , and we believe that in this way we can help the workers to prepare for the future of the future for a sustainable and low-carbon economy in which we want to govern Europe .
fourthly , when , on the one hand , the excessive costs of the US Member States , including those in the United States and the credit crunch , we face a trade surplus of some developing economies .
as was evident from the debate on the Special Committee and the alternative proposals that have been made , there is a need for action here in the Commission and the Council .
these are sectors related to the greatest geopolitical risk .
since the full impact of the specific forms of gambling services available on the Internet is not yet known , we need to act quickly to meet this deficit in the information .
that must be one of the results of Copenhagen .
this is not a Treaty .
in particular , we need to remember these small and medium-sized enterprises , which not only provide work for a large number of our citizens , but also have a huge potential in the field of innovation .
if we go down this route , there will be no investment in this sector .
the Commissioner has also pointed out the bathwater , but we know that the hygiene standards are not the same as the hygiene standards are the same as for meat products , and so I would question whether the Commissioner &apos;s comments are the right ones .
in Poland , the opinion of the German Chancellor is so much more important than that of Mr Van Rompuy , and Mr Cameron is a strong voice of the voice of President Barroso .
is the Commission prepared to put an end to the ban on conventional light bulbs in at least households ?
I sincerely hope that the Member States will take part in the &apos; Pierre de Coubertin &apos; White Paper seriously and that the Commission provides the necessary guidelines and , if necessary , economic assistance from the development funds at its disposal .
Mr President , it is only right that we need to regulate the financial markets and introduce a security net .
in recent years , the differences between the Member States have begun to drop but , at the same time , it has significantly increased differences within the individual Member States .
in my view , it can play a key role in the key role in social regulation , which includes a study on the impact of new and existing laws on minors .
if the country meets the conditions , it will allow it to continue its accession process and eventually to join the EU .
nothing !
obviously , it will assume time to negotiate with both sides , but I think it is important that it has the support of both us and other American countries in their efforts .
of course , it can be said that better late than never , we can at least ensure that the funds can be used to the full , and hopefully will reach them very quickly and in the best possible way to those who suffer the most .
we must ensure that the suspicion does not fall into the entire statistical system and Eurostat &apos;s capacity to control the budgetary data provided by the Member States .
if he wishes to make comments on these reports , I would be interested to hear .
I therefore warn that no decisions should be taken until the International Criminal Court in The Hague has made a decision on this matter .
the objective of objective methods and widespread evidence was highlighted by the Goldstone report in these atrocities , as well as the question of what international law provisions in Israel were in breach of this type of life .
Mrs Weber stated that the media law in Hungary does not offer sufficient protection to the sources .
why will we then continue with our citizens &apos; torture , taking away their jobs and their livelihoods ?
even the inactive period of on-call time cannot be considered entirely or partially , as requested by the Council .
it has led to the credibility of the institutions , leaders and neighbours .
what scientific and financial credibility of this evaluation can be attributed ?
it is important that we are concerned about the situation of women who have arrived in Europe and are held in detention centres .
I therefore welcome the outcome that has been achieved .
I would like briefly to explain why .
when debating the challenges of the Lisbon Strategy , I am pleased that it represents a broad vision of sustainable economic development , economic growth , environmental responsibility and social responsibility policies .
let us hope that the referendum will put an end to the confrontation , yet the process will be the beginning of the process , which will result in lasting peace .
firstly , there is the political context .
these steps are significant in relation to Belarus .
I ask you , where has the Europe of Europe now disappeared , which was the basis of the creation of the Union ?
there is also concern that the competitiveness of the sector can be reduced .
I hope that the Commission will include in its progressive legislative proposal for the future of the CAP on the future of the common agricultural policy , and the necessary financial resources to guarantee the stability of feed and cereal markets and guarantee the security of livestock farmers to plan for the future .
many of us were here to produce it .
we have reinforced the Commission proposal , extending the definition of vulnerable groups and adding issues such as the need for families , individual parents and the major families of particular families to comply with the needs of families with disabilities , disabled persons and domestic persons , promoting active integration and access to culture and entertainment .
we are regulating ourselves , so we have no place on the market .
it is very hypocritical that the EU now has an interest in the rights of children when its policies bring in the youth unemployment , temporary work , the fall of living standards , the privatisation of health and education systems and the commercial interests of sport and culture .
I would like to say formally that the European Commission intends to fully respect the principles of autonomy and independence of the Governing Board provided for in the regulation , and the Commission does not play a role in the strategic decision of the EIT .
( FR )
I therefore believe that the debate that we are holding this evening will be fair , useful and democratic and must provide evidence of effective action .
my second point is about the public debate document itself and largely a negative response in relation to agriculture .
it was important to oppose the proposal to include development policy as part of our external policy .
we need to examine and compare the control mechanisms used in the European Union and the Member States .
robust economic modernisation and participation in the Eastern Partnership strategy can contribute to this task .
we wanted to have revenue for the protection and improvement of forests , as well as clear standards for new power stations , so that neither coal nor working stations can open up to them in advance of the technology of carbon dioxide in advance .
the fact is that the aspect which refers to the second pillar - namely rural development - has been cut back on average financial programming and will have to comply with the proposals of the Commission and Parliament on the basis of cuts in the size of the 20 billion euros .
14 .
I believe that the &apos; Safer Internet &apos; programme will really be able to resolve these problems successfully .
( Parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment )
the tourism sector is very important for European companies and for the economy of the Member States .
more generally speaking , guidelines need to be required , particularly for the sake of a strong agency , which is in line with the views expressed by Mr Chichester and Mr Vidal-Quadras .
unfortunately , at European level , those people are in favour and those responsible .
why not , at a time when all of our countries are governed by serious concerns about energy security and Turkey has a key role in the key role that will allow the pipelines from the Caspian Sea to transport us still open to the energy chapter ?
that is what is happening .
( RO ) I very much welcome the measures put forward by the Commission and the Council .
Vice-President of the Commission / High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy . - Thank you for all of the important and interesting discussions .
I would like to congratulate and thank the rapporteur for bringing this opportunity to this , and for having managed to give it a very positive direction in this strategy paper .
( FI ) Madam President , I think it is very important that we should try and achieve healthy claims for products , but it is only right that we need to ensure that they are respected and scientific .
I would like to express my approval of this Stockholm Programme , which will give rise to ambitious political efforts to improve this region by 2014 .
firstly , security of supply - and this has been achieved .
leave my own words : sincerity is a mistake .
the changes are also good for Turkey itself .
in the name of dumping and subsidies for complaints from a company &apos;s complaints and under the original regulations , complainants can receive their complaints .
the policy envisaged is the EU &apos;s commitment to gender equality in all our cooperation policies and in normal .
in order to prepare people for life and to operate in society , schools should lead in their lifelong learning , with a broad European Union programme which will be found in each of the age of all ages to learn , therefore remaining viable and active in society .
thus , the question of banking secrecy has found a solution at EU level , and this cannot prevent the full exchange of information between tax authorities on the basis of the request .
they need to speed up the creation of jobs and maintain a long-term and sustainable fiscal policy at the same time .
the decision of the Belarusian authorities to put an end to the mission of the OSCE Office in Belarus is regrettable .
you will take them on both sides .
in fact , with the entry into force of the new treaty , the responsibility for protecting investment from the Member States is going to go beyond the remit of the Member States .
I propose that they speak to a few of them on the day of vote - on the day on Parliament &apos;s building .
we must , in any case , go over to the own system of own resources .
in writing . - ( PT ) This report contains a number of important issues and some of the findings we support .
fine , it was not their fault , it is obvious !
as we have already heard , a visa is EUR 60 , equivalent to a weekly wage of the average citizen of Belarus .
as the number of overweight children in the 27 EU Member States is increasing , and that lifelong logging is very important in relation to the ageing of the EU &apos;s population , it is to be welcomed that the Treaty of Lisbon will also be a competence of the EU in the field of sport .
market policies will continue in this same as before .
but it must mean - if we want to remain credible - that we are holding two things : energy policy , but also a human rights policy , improving the human rights situation in these countries .
( FR ) Madam President , it is indeed time for us to know what side to choose .
we need to abandon the counterfeiting dilemma between solidarity and competitiveness because these two are not incompatible .
this can be addressed at regional level .
the situation is indeed the case - and it can be linked to some issues - that around half of all the previous applications have been submitted in the last two weeks , so more than a million applications have been given in two of the last few weeks .
it is unacceptable that some people , extremists , decide on violence and even terrorism , and doing so on the sake of God or religion , claiming that they speak for others or that they are even above the law , and those who are countless innocent people in this form of violence .
Madam President , in order for any strategy to be effective , I think it is essential to establish the strengths of the objectives and the existing policy instruments , and I see four main policy instruments as the implementation mechanisms for the EU 2020 strategy .
I call on the Commission to pay particular attention to small and medium-sized enterprises and guarantee them fair and non-discriminatory conditions of competition .
I would like to ask the Commissioner to take action on this issue .
first of all , I would like to say that for me the fight against gender equality does not have anything to do with the left or the right ; it is neither the fight against men or women , but the fight for the whole of society .
as I said at the beginning of the debate , a turning point is a turning point in the history of the Non-Proliferation Treaty and in the process of armed control .
the situation ended up with those who have used those who have used the right to express their views freely .
I understand Parliament &apos;s position .
so we need to draw the right conclusions from the situation .
in my view , the publication of the blacklist of EU funds would also prevent possible abuses and thus promote openness and transparency in the use of EU resources .
it will take place with special constraints and will significantly restrict the scope of such legislation .
rapporteur . - ( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , thank you for your constructive comments at the end of the day and , in particular , for constructive cooperation .
first of all , we are often satisfied with condemnation and ineffective visa bans , which are ridiculously powerless ones .
would it not be possible to do one or two things in the field of national supervision ?
a genuine witch-hunt is being sacrificed on three sides of the patient , for example , the Brenner sheet and BP .
as Mrs Doyle said , we cannot understand why these amendments are unacceptable .
( the sitting was suspended at 18 p.m. )
the aim is to avoid budget deficits and excessive debt and to promote surveillance of economic policies and coordination of policies , thereby supporting the achievement of the Union &apos;s growth and employment targets .
we need to ensure fair competition and refuse to allow our efforts to combat climate change to be put at a disadvantage in world trade .
over the last decade , there has been too many villages in the Balkans .
Member of the Commission . - We are always following the facts .
we are , in fact , seeing significant signs of improvement of certain economic indicators , in particular , increased international trade and the trust of consumers and investors .
in the Community , industry accounts for 270 % of GDP , but there are also the Member States where industrial production is only accompanied by 14 % of GDP .
whatever responsibility for it , it is absolutely unacceptable , absolutely and completely unacceptable that the text of paragraph 3 was originally set out between Israel and Hamas .
they only need to monitor the gestures of their party gestures .
I would like to remind everyone of the flight aircraft aircraft , which , in 1982 , on the way to New Zealand , have set up the ash cloud and , in particular , a serious incident in the Boeing Boeing 7455 , which occurred in 1989 as a result of a fat volcanic ash cloud .
in any case , it is more credible , but also with a sense of humility in the Secretary General of the United States , Mr Rouček .
it has attempted to allocate the budgetary resources of the &apos; Progress &apos; programme to the microfinance facility until Parliament has taken its decision .
I agree with the proposal to reduce the deficit of the Single Market directives by the end of 2012 by 0.5 % in the event of both finished and incorrect transposition .
following the inclusion of a number of business and interest groups , the proposal was reduced only for 12 months , along with the quarterly review .
we cannot apply double standards because it would harm the credibility of the EU and does not introduce new conditions .
with Turkey , it is enough not to have full membership of full membership of the partnership .
all of us do not need to reinvent the wheel .
we are not proposing a better source of information , whether or not we write a book or we want to prepare a rosé and we are looking for an interesting medicine .
if we undermine the principles of association , we will not have the same principle of principle .
it is in the interests of the Swiss younger generation and , of course , it is in the benefit of young people from the countries of Switzerland who want to participate in a study in the area of students from Switzerland or individual school programmes , as well as in the Erasmus Programme .
( it ) Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is clear that consumer confidence has once again shaken and consumers are naturally asking themselves what the national authorities do and what the EU plans to do to stop these polluters .
historically , mortgage money has been the most falsified paper of paper , but in the second half of 2008 - for the first time - the 20 euro was the most counterfeit paper money .
there was no more opportunity to say at the time .
- ( ET ) In the Council , there was agreed on several important issues .
the German Presidency has set three objectives - three times 20 - and it is at the heart of the agreement that we have confirmed in the European Council and which I hope will be adopted tomorrow in the European Parliament , which responds to your own objectives .
I deplore the death of God and I condemn the lack of freedom and democracy in Cuba .
- ( FI ) Madam President , Commissioner , first of all I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Kacin , for this excellent and thorough report .
finally , the Commission welcomes the study made yesterday yesterday on minority and discrimination .
did you know that the Netherlands has now been the largest net contributor to the European Union for years , and that the Greeks have been the beneficiaries of the last few years ?
we need to be careful , however , that shops do not cut down prices paid to the farmer .
( RO ) In the last year on 30 March , 278 airlines are on 17 countries .
having lent EUR 250 million to increase production capacity , they have built new factories in Poland , Romania and Hungary .
of course , the stability of prices is a general objective , but it is not in the interests of farmers to ensure that it does not have a place for the State or of Europe .
indirectly , the conflict has also been torn up by Russia and the United States and the financial resources have come from Arab states and China .
this amendment would give the opportunity to significantly expand on the grey market , which is why it is certainly to be rejected .
that is our priority today .
( the President resumed in English )
but I also said - and I repeat this - that , as honourable Members know well , the deadlines were , as they were , so the Council and the Commission had to operate in a very short period of time .
it is important , however , to select the right specialisation , the clusters must be coherent , as is the industrial policy in the EU as a whole , and it must be appropriate and balanced .
the situation in the Mediterranean is our lesson to the failure of human rights in the Mediterranean .
that is why the EU , and its Mediterranean partners , specifically Egypt , have begun the negotiations on the European Union for the Mediterranean .
I support a number of amendments which have been tabled , which are , above all , designed to specify the objectives of the proposal and to make their contents more difficult .
this country has achieved a great deal over the last 12 years : it has successfully implemented structural and economic reforms and has fought effectively against corruption and organised crime .
we have to admit that there are problems and there are measures , activities and attitudes that may not be perfect !
of all the taxes that can be adopted , the most beautiful thing is the so-called Tobin tax .
GDP is a production element and does not reflect overall environmental sustainability , resource efficiency , social inclusion or social progress .
there are also specific issues in particular .
we want to carry on with all the pain of the democratic legitimacy that has taken place after the referendums in referendums .
allow me to say one more thing about the subject of human issues .
for young people , unemployment is particularly worrying , as you said .
the cohesion policy is set out in the Treaty of Lisbon .
now , however , there is another step .
this would certainly help to improve cooperation within the Union .
Madam President , honourable Members , first of all , I am grateful to the European Parliament &apos;s Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy , and the Committee on Regional Development for intensive discussion , and for the report we are discussing today .
I voted in favour of this report because I believe that improving economic governance in the European Union is very important .
ladies and gentlemen , if there is a chance in Europe to implement these new technological techniques and use the natural gas shale gas in Europe , we could improve our common economy by reducing our dependence on imports .
in Northern Ireland it will be judged that you are complaining with your thoughts .
it supports the irrational criteria of the Stability Pact and currency policy and other macroeconomic guidelines , as well as devalue production and the role of the workforce .
I therefore support the idea that the finance ministers , on 22 December 2004 , adopted three points on strengthening Eurostat as soon as possible .
it calls for a gradual approach whereby we will achieve the first of 3 % , and then in the medium term , in the medium term .
the current situation should be analysed and set as quickly as possible a timetable as possible .
the large number of children living in children , which is the subject of today &apos;s debate , does not always mark abandoned children , but it will actually mark the children of poor parents who will not cope with their difficult personal situation .
it is a proven instrument and , according to the decision , the cornerstone of cooperation and the first specific example of the principle of mutual recognition in the area of criminal law .
export control is a key instrument of Regulation ( EC ) No 428 / 2009 , which established a number of important changes in the process of controlling exports of dual-use goods within the European Union .
I would like to raise a couple of questions .
Greece , Italy and Spain cannot manage alone for this alone because these countries are under strong pressure .
well , Mr Rack , do not worry ourselves , we started exactly at midday , and now , at 12 o &apos;clock , everything is quite fine .
Madam President , I would like to draw the Commissioner &apos;s attention to the fact that in my own country , I consider it to be up to the local equipment for the recycling of electrical equipment .
the fear of the PKK attacks - the anger that may be watered down .
we must therefore find a joint approach in this fight , based on the rule of law and force of the law .
we should not only support support , but must insist on respect for human rights in both the EU and its external relations .
well , I will now have one theory , namely that perhaps women who , in the committees , in the European Commission and in this House , are making it so difficult for small businesses to take young women into work are really fighting for their own interests .
economic growth in 2007 reached nearly 3 % .
the mandate for MONUC on the ground is certainly extended , but it is also absolutely vital to reassess and strengthen it so that it can prevent such ever increasing violence .
secondly , I would like to ask the Belarusian Government whether it will not be time to remove all the travel restrictions on Chernobyl .
the importance of this can be felt in a sense in the terrible history of my country and the violations of human rights that are taking place at present .
I would like to thank Mrs Matias for her excellent work .
no one is against transparency .
I am now asking that the speakers should keep their speaking time .
the behaviour of the Belarusian authorities is alarming because it runs counter to what we saw in the electoral campaign , when we saw the emergence of the various forces - the real opposition and an active civil society - .
the Commission has requested and obtained a negotiating mandate for the Council , which will give its mandate specifically to negotiate with Liechtenstein on how to remove the current weaknesses of money laundering and the system of combating tax fraud .
the Commission has taken action to stabilise the financial system , which will help banks to start lending their customers once again .
the Energy Labelling Directive has a vital role to play in achieving the EU &apos;s 20 % energy efficiency target by 2020 .
solidarity or equal competition does not count on anything .
I would like , in particular , to explain , Madam President , that before we vote on these reports at the Commission &apos;s level , we asked , and the European Commission gave us a guarantee that there will be full reciprocity .
it is adapted to the new challenges , which are the effects of globalisation , climate change and demographic change .
it is all very well , but it has already emerged from the first signs and trends in the form of &apos; political correctness &apos; , with the restriction of the reservations of the lack of views , of the prohibition and , who knows , sooner or later they would be punishable .
we must make the next major leap in our common foreign and security policy .
however , we need to make it clear - some of the lower standards will be understood as soon as their standards are raised - that freedom of movement should not be accompanied by certain rules of competition , which has characterised the exclusion of established social standards .
we , the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece , have therefore voted against this resolution , thereby confirming its position against the imperialist EU and its enlargement .
secondly , the study presented by the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs , whom I would like to once again like to take this opportunity again , raise a number of issues that are worthy of particular consideration , but , as a whole , I will probably mean that the Council will have great opposition to this proposal .
Europe is faced with a huge economic crisis and has to look for effective ways out of it .
I am pleased that the security forces recently established in Kosovo and that the Serbian community members are members of Kosovo &apos;s police .
the European Commission , on the basis of the Council of Europe , has committed itself to drawing up an intergovernmental European Heritage Label around the Community &apos;s cultural institution .
I therefore support the decision to make the stress tests on the nuclear power plants in the EU .
the transport system , which works well at local level , is better than a service which will be brought to a close because of over-regulation .
author . - ( NL ) Mr President , my most important question to the Council is , in fact , whether he considers itself to be mistaken .
they will result in higher production costs and could distort competition with countries where the legislation in question contains less stringent on this issue .
I would draw attention to the view of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , which stresses that sport must be valued , socially and , in particular , for young people , as a means of providing them with tolerance , respect and complicity .
the minimum wage is certainly a good idea , but it must be in the form of a general tax burden for the workers and small and medium-sized enterprises in Europe ( SMEs ) in the form of a general tax burden .
I would also like to touch on the other side of the subject - it is , of course , the instruments we use to promote and support democracy in the field of human rights .
I am perhaps not addressing issues in the order of these , but I will try to answer them briefly .
I think that is still our biggest crisis .
the European Commission has the right tools and mechanisms to monitor the Member States &apos; financial policies and to remedy it .
( applause )
the attack in July last year on the People &apos;s Mujahedin ( PMOI ) in Iraq in August last year only can be described as a cruel and cruel one .
this only rejects the crisis .
as a result of the adoption of this report , the Member States will be able to take concerted action to combat this disease in the European Union .
now that President Assad has begun to take brutal action against his own people , we will , of course , condemn her activity as a whole , and we are imposing sanctions which are of little use .
it is only one Europe , and Europe is our home .
we have witnessed this , and the world is also aware that the US Government had been forced to print money - at the first stage 700 billion of the USD 700 billion , and the USD 600 billion in the second recent phase .
European industry is faced not only with the effects of the economic crisis , but also of the new challenges of a globalised era .
we know that terrorism represents a global threat and requires a coordinated response at a global level , which will necessarily involve increasing the flow of information and exchange , coordination of positions , coordination , coordination and partnership with third countries , the implementation of a global counter-terrorism strategy where the United Nations plays a leading role , and close cooperation with the various regional and international organisations involved in the fight against terrorism .
of course , the report on the report by our group on biometric reports was a visa report such as a drop in honey .
today , it is more important than ever .
increasing the energy efficiency of buildings will help reduce the consumption of primary energy and CO2 emissions .
the year 2010 will therefore be a year of fighting poverty .
in recent times , the Slovenian ethnic minorities in Italy , Austria and Hungary have been hit hard by the cuts in their interests .
the balance of the report stems from the focus on animal welfare and it takes into account the problem of resistance to antibiotics and the cost of spending in relation to farms .
I am aware of the creation of less than 10 metres of the creation of the Union for the founding fathers .
in addition , he has been supporting the mediation efforts of President Mbeki , led by the government of SADC in order to arrive at the choice of the people of Zimbabwe on the choice of 29 March .
one of these deeper causes is the extreme poverty in these countries , which makes it weak and does not allow them to carry out their national tasks .
in any case , although the aim of the introduction of a voluntary instrument is to facilitate cross-border trade in cross-border trade , taking due account of the needs of consumers and businesses , we must bear in mind that existing European legislation is already satisfactory to the needs of the various relevant parties .
( the sitting was opened at 1 p.m. )
Madam President , I am grateful to the honourable Member for this intervention .
unfortunately , however , it is unlikely that all the European Parliament &apos;s proposals will be adopted .
fight against extremism in Europe ( debate )
hardly a request has been made in this regard , if you , Mr President , have read this House out of the back of many Members of this House .
I now wish to address the future Partnership and Cooperation Agreement , which is the subject of this debate .
I support the system of origin labelling system which will promote these standards and I believe that it would be acceptable for most consumers and producers .
the truth is that the Commission has long gone away from the interests of its citizens , following the neoliberal policies .
at the request of the Supreme Court , the Ministry of Culture made a decision that the implementation of the scheme means a legacy of heritage , and the Constitutional Court has recently attempted to suspend it or made the decision that it should be suspended .
given this efficiency cooperation , there is not a minor reason to turn the structures in this area .
right now , we will once again prove that they were not right .
this situation forces the EU to import over 40 million tonnes of protein crops and result in the long-term agreements allowing the duty-free imports of tar sands and protein crops , such as the general customs and trade agreement and the Blair House Agreement .
as well as being aware that the work done by ENISA is an important social interest , I hope that more resources will be allocated to it .
we need to work now , and we must not waste time .
( SK ) It is also a cold matter because the Commission is taking very little note of our Parliament and its opinions .
this text includes an element of European ideology .
Mr President , you can think that , since I left this Parliament in July , I have no views on the European Year 2010 programme .
in order for there to be hopes for the successful agreements of fisheries countries , we cannot allow a situation in which fish are threatened by a race to try unilaterally out of the entire existing fish stock .
at the same time , it is also clear that all countries will not be able to take economic losses without having to take advantage of intensive measures in a relatively short space of time .
it is not just fair .
( HU ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the future of Europe will be seriously affected by whether it is capable of developing societies that govern and support children .
support for human rights defenders has been part of the EU &apos;s human rights and external relations policy for a long time .
the rule of law requires that criminal responsibility must be individual , not collective .
I voted in favour of this report , but I did so because the report makes it very specific that there is no progress in the accession negotiations with Turkey .
what are we talking about visa freedom here ?
the proposed revision does not meet these requirements , which is why I voted against .
it is questionable whether such an approach is worthwhile .
thirdly , there are no specific models and , as I have said , it remains up to each Member State to decide on .
we know that the Commission will put forward a recast proposal in relation to the Council &apos;s confrontation in the coming months .
the second striking anomaly is that , even though we are allowed to determine our own composition , which is a vital institutional issue for all the European institutions and the Union itself , we will not be allowed to choose our own courts in the sake of the sake of a single Member State and instead of being sold to Strasbourg as a city of further asbestos .
in writing . - ( PT ) The &apos; Food on food &apos; highlights the need to take specific measures to increase global food stocks : it is a human right , which includes physical and economic access to healthy , adequate and nutritious food .
in writing . - ( RO ) We often say that young people are the future of Europe .
I reiterate my support for this EU initiative to encourage the EU &apos;s active support for vaccination programmes which , if implemented , have made it significantly possible to reduce the rates of tuberculosis infection , as confirmed by the statistics in EU Member States .
Madam President , Commissioner , Vice-President Barrot , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to start by thanking Mr Moreno Sánchez , the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , because our discussion on FRONTEX and the ESA has been very busy this time .
our ports are clean .
we have achieved great progress in 100 years , but there is still much to be done .
in particular , in view of the Consumer Markets Scoreboard , what methods does the Commission intend to take in order to process the data collected for young consumers and how will these data be available to them ?
the rules must be implemented fairly and according to a single standard .
under the leadership of the Portuguese Presidency , under the leadership of the socialist government , it is a duty to try and implement changes .
now the world has changed and these mechanisms must also change .
demand has increased dramatically because the economy and population have increased and the demand for individual means of transport has increased .
those who claim that there is no freedom of expression or of information in Italy are false , and they know this .
I agree with Mr Stevenson , namely that the current rise in prices will mean only a slight increase in incomes compared to farmers in comparison with the traditional business sector , the supermarket chains and the market speculators themselves .
this is what we have achieved in cooperation with the Council - and must admit that there is a certain amount of pressure - so that we can solve the problem in the medium term .
I agree with Mrs Wallis about the role of the Committee on Petitions .
State aid policy is an essential element of competition policy , enabling equal opportunities for all operators in the single market .
the need for assistance to women who want to set up their own companies is stressed .
unfortunately , the capacity of independent working bodies to compete with authorised repair works still hinders a number of limitations , including limited access to spare and technical information .
if we do to carry out the work in good time , we will be able to implement innovations and yet protect jobs .
in the light of the current state of civil aviation , we believe that the draft agreement raises serious doubts about its scope and possible consequences .
mobilisation of the EU Solidarity Fund (
Parliament shares our desire for a more protective , more efficient and fairer European asylum system .
today President Medvedev is participating in the G20 meeting in London .
on behalf of the PSE Group . - Mr President , I want to congratulate our two rapporteurs .
there are always waiting lists to be heard - either in international or in such a basis of what are motivated issues rather than any understanding or cynicism .
that is my first message .
this is a very important fact .
therefore , we need to have the organs available before they have been used .
it is a joint asylum policy and a common asylum policy , a European Asylum Support Office and all the challenges we face .
you do not know how to vote today .
the last thing I want to say is in fact connected with the statements made by Mr Schwab in relation to all the studies .
these two links are evident .
it has , of course , created more jobs and , in some cases , promoted the regional economy .
thank you for your support .
in other words , it calls for the exclusion and secrecy of the secret .
in order to give the debate a stable basis , the Member States should submit the balance of generations for generations .
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs . - ( NL ) Madam President , the package contains wise proposals for the protection of consumer rights and private life , but unfortunately there is no coherence there , so there will be a lack of legal certainty for both companies and consumers , since the scope is completely unclear .
the potential of the European Union and of the international community to change the basic situation in Somalia is small .
I am talking about transparency .
although this is not perfect , it is a step in the right direction .
whether it be to the closure of post offices or the landfill of any of the landfill sites every two weeks , it always seems to be noted in the second direction , and the corrupt effects of Brussels will not emerge .
if the European Union really wants to develop a foreign policy that will have some effect in the world , it must also have a financial industry .
I am very happy to express my support for a European project , which will have added value not only for Europe but also for the world through its aim of finally eradicating tuberculosis .
( EL ) Mr President , first of all I would like to congratulate Mr Capoulas Santos on his report .
with the report on territorial , social and economic cohesion , I believe that a comprehensive framework that stresses the integration of the cohesion policy and its contribution to increasing the global competitiveness of the EU .
it is just as important to table specific proposals on reciprocity , and I welcome the fact that your report recognises the importance of mutual measures designed to protect the internal market in the internal market .
life of life ( implementing powers conferred on the Commission ) ( vote )
that is why we chose - we wanted to choose the people who will make traffic safer for all European citizens so that they can have a better life , and that is exactly what they have done .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as I have already reminded the Commissioner , we have repeatedly addressed the classification , labelling and packaging of chemical substances and mixtures in recent months , better known as the GHS , and I am rapporteur for this area .
it is , therefore , more than justified to condemn , with this resolution , the persecution of a number of NGOs , especially human rights organisations , which are taking place in Egypt at the moment , and to support the campaign for freedom of association , led by a number of social movements in the country .
the legacy of Hungarian socialist colleagues in eliminating the huge volume of energy to make Hungary a democratic and free Europe and on the basis of the constitutional mandate granted by the citizens of Hungary in free elections .
the European Union stresses the need to achieve fair , lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East , and calls on the Israeli-Palestinian dialogue to continue , and to resolve all the outstanding issues of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , including the main problems .
right now , I would like to touch on the specific article of the new draft agreement , which we have also discussed before : Article 24 of the Treaty on European Union .
firstly , it is right to leave biofuels in 10 % because , if there is at all in Europe , there is a problem of security of energy supply .
unemployment , unhealthy working conditions , lower pensions and reduced access to high-quality public services are among the main causes of the poverty that enables us to talk about the feminisation of European poor .
on 4 , it calls on Israel to put an end to a military action in which civilians are killed or threatened by civilians , as well as the killing of extrajudicial target killings ;
however , as other Members have pointed out , it is not possible to achieve this without the intelligent guide , who understands a traffic letter and has sufficient technical knowledge .
( ES ) Mr President , this accident does not , of course , be compared with other incidents relating to oil tankers or even of container ships such as Naples , which must be adopted by the International Maritime Authority in the framework of the IMF .
it is high time for the sites to be set up in classrooms in the class in a language of state to be abolished in a state of state .
therefore , this important measure in the field of electronic waste electrical waste is a good step in the right direction because it will allow us to improve resource efficiency and ensure that raw materials are returned to the producers .
I do not know whether you still intend to introduce a financial transaction tax .
but please think about the difficulties involved .
the main objective was to give financial assistance to Bulgaria and other countries that have been forced to decommission nuclear power plants , even though it is against their beliefs .
Parliament &apos;s administration should , in future , require situations such as the one we are experiencing today .
it must be stressed that Europe is about Mexico as an important partner of the supply of raw materials .
we need to be ambitious !
I would also like to express my thanks to my fellow Members &apos; on the &apos; Council &apos; in the Council and all those who have worked with them for the support they gave to the President-in-Office , my special thanks go to the Commissioner for having a commissioner who completely fulfilled his role as a neutral mediator and , finally , I would also like to thank the staff in these three institutions , who were involved in these negotiations , for their very valuable and professional contributions .
it is , in particular , good news for those living in border regions and , in particular , for those who suffer from rare diseases and require special treatment available in their country of residence .
police cooperation at the same level is therefore logically taking place on the basis of the intergovernmental approach .
in writing . - ( NL ) The former employees of Opel Antwerp and four suppliers are still greedy on the way in which GM is treated in practice .
the Thai soldiers must stop at fire ; violence against demonstrators cannot lead to violence or does not lead to a democratic solution .
the instability persists in the region despite the success of the VIS operations .
with regard to these quotas , I believe it is a bit wrong for me to understand .
in writing . - ( PT ) I am referring to the way in which I voted .
over the last year , it has become clear that action needs to be taken more actively in this area , mainly by the Member States , but also by the European Union .
in addition to the elimination of the gender pay gap , the issue of the proper strengthening of the family &apos;s family role and respect for the principle of equal treatment must continue to be resolved .
it is very difficult to ask the speaker to conclude , especially if it is in full swing , but still try to stick to its speaking time .
if you look at the common market of other products , goods and services - roads , railways , airports , the digital world - we have to see that we are far from developing the needs of energy , particularly gas and electricity that we need to achieve the objectives of our European energy policy , namely security of supply , solidarity , competition and consumer interests .
the harmonisation of the transport of goods , especially in relation to the case of multimodal transport , is absolutely a viable and logical step which should have a positive impact on the EU &apos;s internal market .
however , for our group , there is special concern about the issue of energy poverty and what we intend to do to tackle it , which is still a very serious problem in Europe .
antibiotic resistance ( debate )
it will help us with the constant work of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development in developing the guidelines on the mainstreaming of adaptation to development cooperation .
we have also set commercial incentives .
( HU ) The military junta has promised that the elections in 2010 will come free and democratic .
we also see progress in the work of the Committee on Information and Media in the work on increased consumer confidence in the roaming , and this is just the beginning .
I am convinced , however , and I am convinced that we can maintain multilingual access , albeit in the new form , to maintain multilingual access , albeit a new form .
all these things will take place and , if we express our concern about them , local elections could , in my opinion , take a much better atmosphere .
if we now say that we will introduce a 100 % firm system of a system that really excludes human errors , then it is not true .
have we not learnt anything from the Second World War ?
the economic crisis has become a problem throughout the world , but the economic crisis is also an opportunity to deepen and redefine the transatlantic relationship .
in writing . - ( LT ) Although the coal industry is not of great importance in Lithuania &apos;s economy , this report is important for my country of origin .
in particular , I would like to emphasise that , with the report on equality between women and men in 2009 , the majority of MEPs supported the view that women must have easy access to contraception and abortion .
on the one hand , it will give the European political parties and their collective European status up-to-date , urgent and public information .
in order to avoid tax evasion , it is of the utmost importance that these three countries ( Belgium , Luxembourg and Austria ) , which are exempt from the current information system , will be included in the system that other countries have already taken .
both think that some of the remaining interventions should be phased out and that agriculture should be placed on the free market .
some of this money has not yet been used in Italy , and we are working together with the Italian authorities for nearly every day to see how the programme &apos;s money can be reallocated in a way that could be used to tackle the situation in Lampedusa .
it is no wonder that many of the people are trying to leave Burma because they have no choice .
therefore , at the European Council in March , the Council and the Commission were invited , before the European Council , to submit a plan for managing migration and refugee flows before the European Council .
is the Council prepared to accept this ?
I have been told , like the lively meeting of Tibet , a conference on the conference , a Member State of the Member State , and I would ask that the funds have already been used .
the Commission will set out the benefits of the euro , but also the risks and problems that may arise .
we saw enthusiasm and gratitude , and I think , Commissioner , that development should be taken into account in all the EU &apos;s policies .
but I believe that , on behalf of the law , it is unacceptable and it is unacceptable for the law to be ignored and that it is unacceptable and that it can encourage hatred of hatred in the people of humanity .
( DE ) Mr President , I have a question for President Pöttering : does you still have the right to vote in this Parliament ?
if the British Government wants to save money , then it can mobilise the euro , to give the European Union more powers and responsibilities and to save money at the expense of the people who work in Britain in financial policy .
in addition to President Barroso , they are encouraging the debate in the European Parliament today .
the aim of terrorist networks is to undermine peace and stability in the region .
there is simply no alternative here .
with the greatest respect for the European Union , Parliament will not give up its traditional anarchy system .
I agree that this is necessary .
( DE ) Madam President , as you know , it is now 28 countries , including 25 European Union Member States , who have lost their common borders .
this is the case that we have done our work well .
this strategy will certainly have to include bold objectives and innovative measures .
we often say that EU small businesses are the heart of the European Union &apos;s economy .
the report on the policy agenda for legal migration , on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , on a legal migration policy , and
their landfill mountains could lead to an artificial ecological disaster .
I would even say that a majority of micro-entities do not understand their accounts , as confirmed by the studies of the Commission .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , I will speak very briefly , because a lot has been said .
the last problem is the methodology for conducting elections .
we are talking about the energy we are supplying in Europe , which should be regulated by EU policy , such as gas and other energy sources .
the Directive on the restriction of the use of hazardous substances , and the Commission resolution of 28 January 1988 , on the Commission &apos;s Action Programme for the Prevention of Pollution , is aimed mainly at the use of cadmium , since Europe is a region of which it is particularly threatened by the toxic toxicity .
it must be achieved within the framework of the limit values set , otherwise the directive will be useless .
animals were slaughtered because of early ageing or other diseases .
we must therefore make the right conclusions in relation to institutional and practical solutions .
- ( CS ) Madam President , I am pleased that Mr Schwab achieved a compromise with the Council , which will increase consumer rights and contain my proposals on online trade .
we are therefore expecting the opportunity given to us to be used to invest in the improvement of the energy efficiency of buildings and the possibility of creating millions of new jobs over the next few years .
as one minute of speaking time , there is no time to raise specific questions of policy .
the procurement procedure , which prohibits local employees and employees , fuels an increasingly high level of anger in the European Union and its rigid state of governance .
we are sending a major delegation to the G20 summit in which there will be an opportunity for exit from the financial crisis .
this is not just a problem in the developing countries but also in Eastern Europe .
when it comes to the level of failure , the number of signatures required , their control - look at what happened a couple of months ago - do not answer the criteria that we and the rest of the world have to do for free and fair elections .
I would like to give an answer to a few questions and to prepare for further cooperation , because we are not yet in the final stages .
I would add that the Council &apos;s common position will introduce a clear application procedure for the revision of the procedure .
in improving expenditure programmes , the Court recommends the application of principles that will ensure that European added value is promising , that the objectives are clear , that the plans are both realistic and simple if it is reasonably feasible , and that the reporting is understandable .
the Italian authorities have informed the other EU Member States through the tropical bluetongue virus , which was caused by the EHEC virus in the Aegean .
the Soviet leaders would have saved millions of lives for the comfort and food stocks to save millions of lives , but they did not .
it is important to highlight the possibility of EU membership as a driving force for development and reform in the Balkans .
if the British Government wants to save money in Britain , it can do so in the field of scientific research in order to introduce a European patent as a whole .
Vice-President Joe Biden only made a few months ago here in the European Parliament a clear commitment to this strategic partnership .
it was &apos; How we can achieve better coordination : &apos; better cooperation and labour distribution &apos; , better support for global development policies ; the role of the World Bank , the World Trade Organisation , the International Monetary Fund , the Commission and all the major donors ? &apos;
I am therefore sure that we will see this sort of behaviour in the future .
Monday
instead of investing billions of euros in new nuclear power plants , we need to put this money in the development of renewable energy .
to conclude , I repeat that the EU will have a permanent dialogue with all the emerging countries on their own and on their own , with regard to the implementation of similar human rights , together with the mandatory clause , which will be evident in all the new agreements concluded since 1995 and which requires respect for international law , whether in the International Criminal Court , the UN Convention on Human Rights or the implementation of social and environmental rights .
as China emphasised today at our level , I am also absolutely certain that the United States , the European Union and China will meet their responsibilities in front of the negotiating table and will serve as a model for others in the efforts of future generations to conclude the safety of future generations .
( it ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that this House has time to put an end to the endless debates on the Lisbon Treaty , which we are still witnessing .
I think it is very important to convey to the Belarusian authorities that they must comply with the OSCE commitments to respect human rights and to defend minorities , which is an essential part of respect for human rights .
you have become completely indifferent to the fate of European workers .
the Copenhagen Summit will be successful only if we can convey the message of shared responsibility and solidarity .
I am pleased to see that they share our concern .
as rapporteur , or , in this case , as draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , I would like to emphasise once again that the role of the European Parliament in the surveillance procedure must be highlighted .
finally , my second question concerns the timetable , and you spoke of the problems with the Commission and the budgetary authority .
thirdly , I hope that we can show this plan to show that it provides added value for all European added value .
it should also not be forgotten that the European Court of Human Rights has rejected Mr Battisti &apos;s request for protection and that the European Union is now relying on its activities against fundamental human rights , which are an essential component of the European Constitution .
we welcome the EU &apos;s police and judicial mission to support the Kosovo authorities .
in view of this , the Council Presidency and the Commission have asked the Council , in cooperation with the work of the SIS II , and the relevant bodies , to submit a report to the Council containing a detailed evaluation of these two solutions and their equality .
we should therefore open ourselves to the citizens of Belarus and make them easier for them to apply .
recently , the official ethics of the Polish minority in the Republic of Lithuania has been punished by the head of the Polish minority , and a Member of the European Parliament , Mr Tomaševski , for having put a question to Mr Barroso on respect for the rights of minorities .
I would like once again to thank the two rapporteurs - Mr Grosch and Mrs Ţicău - for this constructive exchange of views .
2008 progress report on the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ( vote )
( SK ) The protection of agents is undoubtedly one of the most important principles and , in my own country , in the Slovak Republic , minorities really do have an extremely high standard of protection .
we look forward to rapid progress on this issue , including on the question of minimum income so that people can live a decent life .
through the new common agricultural policy , we must strongly support - and this is what we are doing - farmers &apos; incomes within the framework of the first pillar and support for rural development by increasing investment in agriculture and food security .
at the same time , as a number of countries around the world have already established a immigration policy that has relatively satisfactory results , it will delay most of our countries with their choice .
as you all know , the Member States have the opportunity to establish higher infrastructure charges in times of excellence .
this is why we in Europe must not fear the criticism of the Israelis and Palestinians in Europe .
it has to be recognised that there is a genuine risk of a &apos; à la carte Europe &apos; , but given the reluctance of some Member States to face up to their own national identity , we need to act .
this is the case with very large dealers in countries whose productivity will allow the sale of a number of vehicles - for example in the United Kingdom - and it is also so sparsely populated in areas where dealers have the economic logic of selling a different vehicle in the same way .
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Christensen &apos;s report has made an important contribution to further development of the original document .
we , the Belgian Members , were elected in the food crisis in which there were associated problems , PCBs and similar problems ; one of the first proposals of the Commission was a White Paper on food safety which , according to my beliefs , made 83 proposals for the protection of food safety in the European Union .
in writing . - The relationship between the United Kingdom and other European countries with the United States is still our biggest strategic priority for decades .
we cannot exclude human error or technical failure , which is why both rail safety has a major role to play .
there is still one of the EU &apos;s cigarettes .
this can be achieved , first and foremost , with the support of small and medium-sized enterprises , which are one of the main driving forces of the economies of the Member States .
as we can imagine , every day , every day , imprisoned and her family will be imprisoned .
you are right to do so , because this is , in fact , just in line with the association agreement and the responsibilities that Tunisia has made to the European Union .
we are talking here endlessly about encouraging entrepreneurship ; we are talking about the need for companies to be able to develop within the European Union .
I voted in favour of the proposal to extend Article 186 to the milk sector , so that the European Commission can react quickly to the crisis situation as it sets a tool which is essential to use .
the role of forests in the energy strategy for the European Union is also a key element , which is not sufficient to exploit the potential of forests as a source of renewable energy .
moreover , this lesson will mean the failure of the previous approach .
Madam President , our questions are designed to highlight the benefits that our citizens can expect from such a package of measures and what we can do for this package .
however , immigration flows affect the Member States differently .
I agree with the general approach of the report and , in particular , the statement that the European Union must resolutely promote humanitarian principles .
specifically in the area of natural resources and biodiversity , the outermost regions are offering good access to European research into tropical ecosystems , which are unique in life and agriculture .
( DE ) Madam President , the question is that we , the European Union , should follow a clear strategy and prevent gold or sulphur in the world .
I have already said earlier that we will closely monitor the new technologies that will hopefully enable us to simplify the procedures .
the question is this .
we should not allow the ruling ruling to keep itself in such a way that we will continue to allow for the minimum standards for posted workers .
it is now time to evaluate the situation , but it is clear , however , that it is in this very time of crisis assessment that we need to find the means to enable us to move forward .
improving water quality , the operation of transport and tourism , and agriculture go hand in hand .
this is because it is my last debate with Ms Kuneva , I would like to express my thanks for the fact that our cooperation has been so incredible .
Europe cannot allow itself to be a luxury of leaving the opportunity to produce alternative gas that could be used in the EU , while the traditional gas supply from the North Sea is running out .
as the new regulations will be set in gradually , and also due to the transitional clauses announced by the Heads of States and the supervisory authorities , these advantages will be felt in the time of time only during the period of time .
until we have made progress in these areas , any damages of any damage will be borne by innocent taxpayers .
the creation of the European Research Area , which I fully support , is , in fact , the idea - that we all know what we are doing and that we are combining the expertise of the scientific community that we already have in the whole of Europe .
obese children are obese children and are spreading to the generation of the generation .
the future does not build one country out of division ; the future will be built on the recovery of the economy , mutual recognition of different communities and cultures , and the establishment of legislation .
it will be hard to imagine how the United States could compensate for the huge debts it is currently taking , and about how it responds to inflation , in a time of weakening the value of the money , in its deteriorating capacity to pay off its debts to normalise its over-valued assets .
it is interesting that we are discussing this topic ahead of the G20 .
( DE ) Madam President , Commissioner , Mr Radwan , ladies and gentlemen , I welcome this report and the debate , which I believe is a very sensitive topic for some very sensitive issues and indeed private activity .
now I would like to ask the President of the European Commission , José Manuel Durão Barroso , to speak .
but you have made this debate very open .
if they are amended , it will be difficult to understand which provision is currently in force .
for this reason , the report calls for the European Commission to carry out greater monitoring and to carry out regular operational records regularly .
we are pleased that you will support the Commission on these technical issues .
( NL ) Madam President , first of all I would like to congratulate Mr Becsey and also thank her for her excellent work on the report we enjoyed in the report on micro-credit .
of course , the European Parliament will not be able to fly down a magic and end the conflict , but I assure you that Parliament will put human rights at the centre of the review of Israel &apos;s status at the time of this year .
it is therefore very important to call on all the parties involved to put an end to hostilities in order for people in these regions to live in peace .
I would like to draw attention to the fact that the exchange of PNR data is regulated by the Treaty of European Union and the United States of America .
( PL ) In September 2007 , on the basis of the decision of the European Parliament and of the Council in 2006 , and in the context of the Nabucco gas pipeline , for example , the Nabucco pipeline was set up by a European coordinator , namely , Mr Van Hecke .
many of the perpetrators of these crimes are still open and some even live in Bosnia and Herzegovina among their families .
if the conclusion of the free trade agreements means we allow European products which do not meet our social or environmental standards , the reform of the common agricultural policy is pointless .
the structure has been established and environmental targets are in place , but the actions of the Member States have weakened the effects of these funds .
a long time has been said to improve the working conditions of women , but unfortunately nothing has changed .
Greece is one of the Member States where there are still significant problems in implementing the directive properly .
on behalf of the UEN Group . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , a short while ago , I heard the Portuguese colleague very serious and even happy statements by the Italian Government and , more specifically , Minister Maroni .
today , we must be extreme honest on this point .
in this respect , the Commission should really have acted more quickly .
pension systems fall under the competence of the Member States .
of course , we are aware of the sui generis nature of the service , which reflects the role of the High Representative / Vice-President / Vice-President , as we know , that the service must not unite all the services the Commission has in the various fields of its external actions - and which is not confined to the common foreign and security policy - will come from development cooperation , starting with development cooperation .
the EU &apos;s position and obligations in relation to a high-level meeting of the United Nations (
I think his report shows that the European Parliament wants to see much more effort in this area in any case .
I think we should also specifically acknowledge the approach adopted by Commissioner Barrot , the Directorate-General for the relevant Directorate-General and the German Presidency .
that said , the English document on the continent will be recognised , but to the extent that it is recognised by the laws of the Netherlands .
every proposal made is excellent .
Turkey is the most likely , most obvious and convincing example of our political world in the Arab world and , of course , an example of a flourishing economy .
ECVET presents an additional means for interpretation and transposition by using a common methodology of methodology in order to promote the transfer of learning outcomes from one system to another .
is these binding targets really a good solution , something they will always be praised for ?
in the Green Paper , the Commission is proposing to achieve legal certainty for the purposes of modernisation , simplification and improvement .
children &apos;s mediation purposes should be treated as a crime .
in addition , the implementation of policies must be continued in order to support , if necessary , the individual common market organisation .
it should introduce a tax on financial transactions and for the introduction of Eurobonds .
words alone will not help us to make progress .
( FI ) Madam President , I would like to apologise for the incident before the vote .
we are independent in order to offer price stability to 330 million fellow citizens .
the brain drain could also have been better handled and I therefore abstain , despite the positive aspects of the report .
you are not taking any argument : it is completely incomprehensible .
public awareness of the risks involved in the use of pesticides must also be increased .
they do not understand these things .
for this reason , the creation of the media council is not a sensible act in our view .
the common agricultural policy must change if it wants to find answers to new challenges , such as climate change , increasing energy demand , the increase in world population and increased openness in world markets .
the main donors &apos; responsibilities are as follows : better programming of aid from beneficiary countries until three to five years is planned ; the use of administrative authorities and organisations in partner countries ; the transition from partner countries to the conditions based on the targets set by third countries .
we know that this will be followed by external political complications because it is a criminal act of international law in this totally grey area .
